I used shears to cut my bushes. 我用剪刀修剪树丛。

I paused in the video at a critical moment. 我在关键处暂停了视频。

Dare you take the ice bucket challenge like me? 你敢像我一样参加冰桶挑战吗？

The restaurant [bans smoking indoors]. 餐厅内禁止吸烟。

The giraffe tried to hung himself, but he failed. 这只长颈鹿试图上吊自杀，不过失败了。

He [reveals his identify] to be Super Man.他揭示了自己超人的真实身份。

The ball hit the ground and bounced. 球撞到地上又弹起来了。

All this typing gives me wrist pains.一直打字让我手腕疼。

Make sure your objects is in focus before taking the photo.拍照前要确保你的物体对焦。

He was a president, but now he’s just an ordinary man. 他曾经是总统，而现在他只是一个普通人。

Sponges can [absorb a lot of water].海绵可以吸收很多水。

The rabbit was captured by the hunter.猎人抓到了一直兔子。

This virus has been making me cough all week.这病毒已经让我咳嗽了一整个星期。

The wreck of the plane was left here. 飞机残骸被遗留在这里。

He has such a funny accent! 他的口音太搞笑了。

Don’t worry, this lion is tame – It won’t hurt you. 别担心，这只是狮子很温顺，他不会伤害你的。

I just don’t like measuring my height!  人家就是不喜欢测身高。

The watch is water resistant. 这块手表具有防水性。

You look terrible! I suggest you go see a doctor! 你看起来糟透了， 我建议你去看医生。

I want everyone to know that you undertake this fishpond! 我要让所有人都知道，这个鱼塘被你承包了。

He always likes to quote the words of chairman Mao. 这个男人很喜欢引用毛泽东语录。

I’m trying to deny that I just farted. 我试图否认我刚刚在放屁。

The baby crawls forward on his arms and legs. 小婴儿手脚并用地爬行向前。

[it’s very foolish to] play around with guns. 这样玩枪是很蠢地。

Oh my God ! A mysterious man is running in my yard! 天哪， 一个神秘人正在我地院子里跑！

Hats prevailed in the 19th century. 帽子在19世纪风靡一时。

She really [dislike vegetables]. 她真的不喜欢蔬菜。

Ten [multiply by] eight is 80. 10乘以8等于80.

The feather is [the token of her identity]. 这根羽毛是花千骨的象征。

This is [a very famous painting]. 这是一副非常有名地油画。

The flower is purple. 这朵花是紫色的。

The temperature is 37 degrees Celsius, which is about [99 degrees Fahrenheit]. 温度是37摄氏度，大约是99华氏度。

Alice [caught a quick glimpse] of Wonderland throught the tiny door. 爱丽丝透过小小地门匆匆瞥见了仙境。

The zebra has black and white stripes on its sides. 斑马身上两侧有黑白相间地条纹。

The debate over the color of the dress is actually [a visual trick]. 关于裙子颜色地争论实际上是一个视觉游戏。

Jacke Ma is [an influential figure] in the global market. 马云是一位在全球市场上相当有影响力地人物。

He was a great ethlete who ran really fast. 他以前是一个优秀的运动员， 跑得非常快.

The lion [feeds on] flesh. 狮子是肉食动物.

The dog really [drives me mad]! It always pees on my shoes!. 这只狗真的快把我逼疯了， 它老是在我鞋子上撒尿！

[In the suburbs], there are fewer houses and more trees. 郊区房子少但树多。

I'm pasting wallpaper onto the wall. 我正在把墙纸贴到墙上.

The [immune system] is like a shell, protecting our body from disease. 免疫系统就像壳一样保护我们地身体不生病。

His religion taught him to be kind. 他的宗教教他要善良.

Each [additional scoop] made the ice cream more delicious. 每多一个球都会让冰淇淋变得更美味。

Would the customer buy this pair of the blue jeans? 这个顾客会买这条蓝色地牛仔裤吗？

The train is delayed, so she has to wait longer. 火车晚点了， 她必须等更久。

He makes me feel I'm inferior to him. 他让我感觉在他面前敌人一等。

She was elected as a representative of the National People's Congress. 她被选为人大代表。

The spring is [a very elastic thing] that can stretch far. 弹簧是一种很有弹性地东西，可以拉伸地很远。

This is the place where the congress members would have a meeting. 这就是国会成员开会地地方。

Worms make good fish bait. 蠕虫能做成很好地鱼铒。

These are my relations - we got together over Christmas.  这些是我的家庭成员，我们在一起过圣诞节。

The jury saw the injury.  陪审团看见了伤者。

This house is not as costly as I thought.  这房子没有我预期的那么贵。

Get me out of this cage! Where's the key?!  把我从这笼子里面放出去！钥匙在哪？

Her salary is her only supplementary.  她的薪酬是她仅有的额外收入。

The velocity of the rocket is over 4.5km/s.

Please don't chew and speak at the same time.

Completing an exam requires a lot of concentration.

The selfish boy doesn't share the candies(糖果) with other kids.

The [rules and regulations](规章制度) of our school drive us mad!

The indoor temprature is much higher than the outside.

The United States has four [major regions](主要地区).

The cat is filled with the desire to eat the fish.

I [created the painting](创作这幅画) all by myself.

Look at my fruitful apple tree! Do you want an apple?

It snowed throughout the day and night.

I'm on a diet(节食), so I'll just have a salad.

The big boss objected(毙掉) to their new plan.

Sitting in the dentist(牙医) chair always fills me with fear.

The student was awarded his certificate(毕业证书) during the graduation ceremony(毕业典礼).

A huge eagle(鹰) is flying high in the sky.

The capacity(容量) of this cup is 2 liters(公升).

The stamp on the pig shows the good quality of it.

The computer is useless, I need to get a new one.

I took my car to the garage to be repaired

Although he isn't young anymore, the businessman is still ambitious.

Customers pay money at the counter.

The two man confront each other with anger.

I made an appointment with my doctor.

He took the silver medal, which is secondary in importance.

The girl uses a pepper spray to protect herself.

The reporter brought us the lastest news.

He eventually climbed to the summit of the mountain.

The man is submitting the report to his boss.

The conductors is leading the band.

The teacher gave uo English dictation today.

My mobile phone is very reliable.

What a waste to throw the food away.

The installation of the air conditioning was a little diffcult.

Some cattle are grazing in the field.

The taste in art is a highly subjective matter.

I wish he love me, she sighed with disappointment.

I'd like to withdraw 500 dollars from the machine.

The superhero punched his enemy in the face.

This gallery has a lot of flower pictures.

The sun is slowly rising from the horison.

The girl keeps a diary everyday.

The pretty shirt is so cheap that I want to purchase it at once.

The pupil is completely immersed in the glory of receiving a red scarf.

Yhe man is checking the largr yellow tank.

Our grandfather loves to read us stories.

That captain is so charming.

Going after the sun exhausted Kuafu.

We pour the cement in before it dries.

He felt a lot f sympathy for the dog and gave it a bone.

My daughter is absorbed in her story book.

It was fun participating in the race.

You should highlight all the most impartant.

Every night I hear an owl on the tree outside my room.

They accused each other of being wrong.

That decent gentleman enjoys his leisure time with wine and cigar.

She can reverse her car into a parking space.

He has an extreme hunger right now. Feed him!

The sniper looked through the scope to see the target.

Smoking can cause lung cancer.

There is a lump on his neck.

According to the schedule, I have lots of work to do today.

After my vacation, I showed my friends all of my travel photographs.

The aim of the court is to provide justice.

I gave their service a good rating to show my satisfaction.

I will solve this math problem in a minute.

She wrapped the gift with some colorful paper.

The film has a happy ending.

There are many benches along the street.

The rice crops are planted in long horizontal.

His height equals the average of his parents' heights.

