Little George is the youngest prince of the United Kingdom.
Fishing is my hobby, so I often go to the lake on weekends.
We invited the mayor to the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
The thivkness of the wall is 6cm.
he planned to make an apology by giving a gift to his girlfriend.
After their retired, my grandparents received a pension every month.
A Swiss Army knife contains many different useful tools.
She has so many vivid facial expressions.
He brought three glasses of water on a tray.
Applications in smart phones have enriched our life.
Butcher's job ismainly cutting and selling meat.
IS this question true or false?
Mom often helps me with my learning.
The doctor will show you how to use the mobile phone.
I've collected all the writings of Shakespeare.
our ancestor looked kind of like monkeys.
This bug cup can hold a pint of beer.
Finally they all reached an accord about what the tready should say.
Wow, what a huge appetite you have!
The endless amount of work frustrate the workers.
Adverb can be uesd to modify verbs.
The barn was full of grains -- what a rich harvest!
The dog uses an umbrella to block the sun.
They pray and read the Bible because of their religious beliefs.
The bird's nest is the most famous stadium in Beijing.
These statistics can help analyze the stock market.
We use tractors to farm.
You can measure the breadth of the room with this measuring tool.
This necklace is made id beautiful jewels.
he gazed deep into her eyes with adoration.
I bought insurance for my car.
The paper is covered with many small dots.
The US embassy in the U.K. is located in London.
I like the white sheet since it looks clean.
He was very good with monetary matters and always saved his money.
I speculate the trend of foreign exchange market to make money.
Violet is a kind of purple flower.
I canceled my shopping order.
Yes! I hit the target, right in the center!
The constant noise from the construction site makes me crazy.
This chart shows taht our annual sales have continued to rise.
Although I failed the exam, I believe that I will make it sometime.
Stop smoking! It will have a bad influence on your kid.
The garbage truck dumps its garbage in the dump yard.
he used a wise strategy in the battle.
She would suffer from intense pain every month.
Plants thrive if they get enough sunlight.
my favorite sport is soccer.
The Beatles's live band performance fascinated their fans.
You can change the language of the phone in the setting menu.
This girl belongs to me! he said. 
She exercises everyday, thus has managed to lose some weight.
He gave a statement to the news reporters.
From the top of the mountain I could see the entire valley below.
The destination of their jounery is the west.
I mold the clay with my hands to make a cup.
Abstract art doesn't look like anything.
Our homework burden is too heavey.
The poor woman became a widow after her husband's death.
It's typical for many Japanese to eat rice this way.
She is so calm although the endless work bothers her.
The USA is comprised of 50 states.
Sixteen ounces equal to one pound.
My new briefcase is black.
Gradually robots have replace factory workers.
The village's surroundings are mostly forests and greenlands.
Simple addition is the easiest part of math class.
The helpful librarian helped me find the books I needed.
The girl had an argument with her boyfriend about the video game.
Farmers rely on agriculture for their living.
The boy made an inference about love.
I'm so unfortunate -- why does it only rain on me?
Transistor are small but necessary to make computers.
The singer is good at both vocal and facial expressions!
The stroke of the his club sent the ball flying high in the air.
The laboring people are honorable.
It's too bad that the Titanic hit that iceberg.
The pattern consists of many different colored triangles.
The chart showed that we were making progress, selling more every year.
Everyone was feeling upset, except for one guy.
There were five candles on his fifth birthday.
Do not enter! This is Mr. Dog;s private property.
He brought special equipment to fix the water leak.
The city has a port where you can dock your boat.
This sack is made of coarse cloth.
The toy almost choked the baby to death.
The baby is still innocent -- he knows nothing of the evils of the world.
He bumped into a wall and lost consciousness.
Sometimes I eat instant noodles for convenience.
The cat leaves some scratch on the wall.
The clumsy man fell dow the staurs and hurt himself.
The car is yours now -- drice safe!
Five minus two is three.
As a doctor, I keep my medical kit with me at all times.
The teacher is strict during the exam.
The high density of buildings makes the city so crowded.
She consults her doctor to find out what she should do about the pain.
This advertisement is to promote a new product.
The monk preaches about religion to us.
Only a few columns of the old building are still standing.
After I finished the course they gave me a certificate.
We must take the elevator to get to the second floor.
I could feel his sadness when I saw him weeping.
She is analyzing the company's monthly finances.
I have a photogragh with the sea in the background.
I need to lower the volume of the radio or it will wake up the baby.
The possibility That I pick the black ball is fifty percent.
They greet each other out of manners, since they are just acquaintance.
Hi, cat, what do you intend to do --eat me, or just watch me?
Thank you ! I truly love the flowers you sent me.
This is a picture of us when we traveled abroad.
I'm wondering who taught this guy mathematics.
It's very insulting to call a black peoeson "Negro".
Strike the ball flat and hard to knock it out of the stadium.
Plants need sunlight for growth.

