The smoke from the factory's chimney(['tʃɪmni] 烟囱) can be seen from miles away.
We wear masks as a precaution() agains catching a cold.
They are fighting over the copyright() of that moon logo.
He cut himself and created a bloody() mess.
There are so many new structures() going up.
As a good wife, she iron() the shirts for her husband every day.
I can deal with the scrape() on my knee by myself.
The Mongolian[[mɒŋˈɡəʊlɪən]] realm([rɛlm] 领域) in the north is not that large. (Mongolian: n.adj.蒙古人的)
Always use a crosswalk when you cross() the road.
I attended the conference() t learn from other people.
It's unfair(['ʌn'fɛr]不公平的)! She eats so much, but she's still slim.
The dung([dʌŋ]) of corws makes the land more fertile([ˈfɝtəl]富饶的). [dung: 粪]
We are going to stay at my parent's lodge() in the mountains.
Watch out! The gas tank is going to explode()!
During the festival(), everyone dresses up and parties.
The businessman was on a quest() to make money.
She makes efforts(['ɛfɚt]努力) to do exercise(['ɛksɚsaɪz]) so that she can keep fit.
Conscience([ˈkɑːnʃəns]良心) and evil(['ivl]) are whispering into my ears. [evil:邪恶]
The judge is the authority([ə'θɔrəti]权威) on the meaning of the law.
She checked the mailbox and began going through her correspondence([,kɔrə'spɑndəns]通信,一致).
I think the other plan is the better solution([sə'luʃən]解决方案).
It was a spiritual(['spɪrɪtʃʊəl]心灵的) experience([ɪkˈspɪriəns]) to watch the sun peacefully.
He had to resort() to sell his house because of the high medical costs.
I use a pencil() to do math.
Dogs are the most faithful(['feθfəl]忠诚的), loyal( ['lɔɪəl]) pets you can have.
Her lips() are the most beautifaul part of her face.
The cat was in panic() before the kick was taken.
These beautiful ores([ɔr]矿石) are the materials([mə'tɪrrɪrlz]) for the production of iron(['aɪɚn]).
As a considerate([kənˈsɪdərɪt]考虑周到的) boyfriend, he took good care of her when she was ill.
He's the only one who knows how the apparatus([ˌæpəˈrætəs]设备) works.
They ware really sad during their father's funeral().
Sulphur(), the chemical, exists in different forms.
Hell() is the place where the devils lives.
He is digging() a grave for himself with a shovel.
While youngsters enjoy extreme() sports, old people think it's courting death.
After the trial(), the judge found the prisoner guilty.
Do you know the optimum() temperature for the fish?
This stopwatch shows that a quarter() of a minute has passed.
The children's upbringing(['ʌpbrɪŋɪŋ]养育) is filled with arts and crafts([kræft]).[craft:工艺；手艺]
[According to](根据) the law, you are guilty(['ɡɪlti]).
After the party, we went back to our respective([rɪ'spɛktɪv]各自的) hotel rooms.
There are so many switches() in your home!
We have to pay a tax() on all of our sales.
I'm afraid of flying, so I usually use the railroad() to travel.
The government minister() gives a speech.
On yes! I responded() when the cute girl asked if I wanted a candy.
The swimming pool is only one meter() deep, so don't jump in.
He embarrassed([ɪm'bærəs]使困窘) himself by farting([fɑːt]) in front of a lady. [fart: 放屁]
Why would you risk() you safety like that?
Sorry, no admission([əd'mɪʃən]进入许可) - you can't come in.
This hotle offers good accommodation([ə,kɑmə'deʃən]住处) where guests can feel like home.
The man compose() new songs on his keyboard.
Paris is a good place to buy luxury() goods.
The digestive([daɪ'dʒɛstɪv]) tract([trækt]【解剖学、动物学】道；系统) allows your body to use food for energy. [digestive:消化的]
The heading(['hɛdɪŋ]标题) of the newspaper is large in size.
The cat was astonished([ə'stɑnɪʃt]吃惊的) by the big fish he received.
Lord Bao receives a gift in reward() for his hard work.
The sky() is blue, I feel blue, and my life is blue.
The two men conversely([kən'vɝslɪ]相反地) thought about the water in the glass.
We haven't made the deal yet, since we're still negotiating([nɪ'ɡoʃɪet]谈判).
They demonstrated the proper way to split() legs.
Sometimes a single individual() can change everything.
After the skin treatment(['tritmənt]治疗), my skin looks younger and healthier.
Miss bear disguised() herself as a panda by wearing black stockings.
I feel a sence of terror(['tɛrɚ]) whenever I see sharks.
They devote() all their love to Christianity.
He is the dominant() one in the relationship.
It's so cute when my dog gives me its paw() for a high-five.
Years of practice have made him a very skillful() pianist.
Excessive() food intake made the cat overweight.
Yes sir, I'll be there immediately().
A succession() of horses passed us in the forest.
At the end of the day, the man undoes() his tie.
Superman has all kinds of super powers, like flying and super() strength!
This cream() will help your skin stay smooth.
The majority() of the basketball fans support the L.A. Lakers.
All sectors() of the economy are vital to the continued prosperity of our people.
The forecast() shows that things are going up!
The pigeon() is taking a rest on the tree.
My coworkers told me that I did, indeed(), do a good job.
I always look for a sale tag() to get a lower price.
The man cut off a branch() from the tree.
We advertise() our company on TV to make it well-known.
This old car has already been rusted().
The thickness of a single coin is on millimeter(). 
The man is riding the bicycle to generate() electricity.
They're too fat to walk properly so they roll().
There is only one food on his favorite() food list
Ming got his monthly allowance() with delight.
I didn't read the story; I only saw the headline().
I have to keep up with my monthly() house payments.
Her piano preformance is superb().
These channels() are the most popular ones on televisoin.
The garlic() stinks; you should get rid of it.
Drinking too much alcohol() gave the man a headache.
The zebras() are running across the river.
Buying tomatoes in bulk() is more economical than buying in small quanttities.
My twin() brother and I get along very well.
It was an unjust() trial.
She spread some jam() on the bread.
Father, I'm here to confess() all mu sins.
He helped her off the bus out of courtesy().
Heavy industry() is important for our economy. Build more factosies.
The sun() is going down.
The store keeps a large reserve in case prices suddenly go higher.
Oh dear! Look at that big red stain() on his shirt.
It's good to be cautious() and use your seat belt.
I love it when the entire orchestra() plays music together.
The squirrel has sufficient food in storage() for winter.
The art gallery had an exhibition() of my photos.
My mate() and I can lie in bed together for hours.
They are preparing() to launch the poor guy into the sky.
There was a comfortable arrangement() of tables for outdoor dining.
The doctor is giving her some good advice().
They are having an intense() quarrel over a critical issue.
My iphone promprts() me to get out of bed and finish my paper! 
Is your favorite creature() the dog, cat, or rabbit?
She's making a comprehensive() consideration of all her option.
I'm lucky I have this shield to provide some defense().
What a glorious() sunset!
He announced() the birth of his child on his WeChat.
My bluetooth phone can exchange information with any similar phone that is nearby().
The musician() plays beautiful music.
This drawing is so realistic()!
In ancient times fighters rode horses into combat().
The one ant is at a disadvantage() against so many others.
These fishes dived into a depth() of 150 meters.
Industrial() activity is good for the economy, but sometimes bad for the enviroment.
The slogan motivates() us to study hard.
These engagement rings are made of silver().
The lable() tells the detailed information of the clothes.
The girl managed to restain() her anger.
"Please fill my car up with petrol()!" The driver said.
I am an energetic() runner.
The stadium is filled with numerous() sports fans.
I am confined() to my jail cell.
The students are gathering() for the flag-raising ceremony.
I suppose() I should probably find a part-time job.
Do I still look good with y lips swelling() up?
Gay() people alse have the right to love.
I feel a chill() coming on. The temperature us set too low.
My kids are so violent() - they'd rather fight than talk about things.
My teacher advised() me to use the APP when I failed the English exam.
Rice is acceptable, but fish is preferable()!
The hardware() in the box can be used to fix things.
He published() an article about the app in The Times.

The state Health Care Commission() meets once every month to set policy.
The repairman is able to tackle() any problem with his tools.
GDP fell by four percentage() points this quarter -- what a disaster!
The mummy is helping to bind() each other with the bandage.
Electronic devices such as telephones are universal() now.
He lifts us up easily with his powerful() arms.
My dormitory() is clean and tidy.

Some people call earth "The blue planet()".
He lost his job in the wave of unemployment().
The palace looks really splendid() at night.
Taking a cab() to get there will be quicker.
His revenue() comes from his online work.
Commercial() businesses make a lot of money.
The sea bird skims() the water's surface for a fish.
The leading() cyclist was starting to pull away from the rest.
He took out his identity() card to show who he was.
The sunset over the road created quite a beautiful scene().
The artist made a pattern of blue spots() on the white wall.
She is a diligent() student, studying in most of her free time.
The plane landed at the airport().
The mouse and keyboard are input() devices.
Bottles with this sign usually contain() poisin.
Our manager illustrated() the sales with colorful charts.
Only one in four people know the correct() answer to the question.
Precious() gems like diamonds are very valuable.
I have a strong belief() in God.
Now he is able() to walk without the help of crutches.
I beat() the meat flat so we can make hamburgers.
Look at the shooting stars! Let's seize the opportunity() to make a wish.
The rain ceased() and the rainbow showed up.
The farmers have a new irrigation() system to wate the fields.
This experiment demonstrates() the chemical principle we are discussing.

