It's apparent([ə'pærənt]adj. 显然的) that the boy is taller than the girl.
I like using a calculator to compute().
This dress is made out of such beautiful white fabric(['fæbrɪk]n. 织物；布；组织；构造；建筑物).
Taxes are too high; I can't handle the strain().
She is painting her eye brows([braʊ]n. 眉毛；额；表情).
"I'm in a good mood([mud]n. 情绪；心境；气氛) today", she said with a smile.
And, finally, The puzzle is complete().
Please forgive me! I beg you!
As an outcome(['aʊt'kʌm]n. 结果；成果), the boxing game ended in a draw.
She provoke([prə'vok]vt. 驱使；激怒) her sister by making a face at her.
I decided to invest([ɪn'vɛst]vt. 投资；覆盖；耗费) in the housing market because the housing price kept rising.
They build shelters() from ice to keep themselves warm.
He was awarded a medal on the merit() of his bravvery.
The doctor passed the prescription() to the patient.
She thinks that reading is tedious(['tidɪəs]adj. 沉闷的).
Delegates() from both netions signed the peace agreement.
Show your strength([strɛŋθ]n. 力量；兵力；长处), hit it again!
The Moon invariably([ɪn'vɛrɪəbli]adv. 总是；不变地) orbits the Earth.
I always confuse([kən'fjʊz]vt. 使混乱；使困惑) the girl with her twin sister.
In the USA, the parliament(['pɑrləmənt]n. 议会，国会) writes and passes laws.
The guy who rides on the horse is an honourable() knight.
This guy was so humorous() and made everyone laugh.
Singapore is exceedingly() hot in July.
The rescue team went to rescue the victims of the earthquake().
Our company will be one of the top 500 globel enterprise().
Jazz() music has become popular all over the world.
Man A versus() Man B is good fight to watch.
Most of the survivors() of Titanic wreckage ware women and children.
No pain, no gain().
Our teacher assigns() us some homework.
We make a promise() by pulling each other's litter finger.
Is the water in the swimming pool deep enough to dive() into?
The postage() depends on the weight of your goods.
Don't get closer to radiation() if you are not in protective suit.
The significance() of sun light and water is equally important for plants.
He has organized a public rally().
Flowers would be nicely treated at 25 degress centigrade().
The cable has 220 volts() of electricity.
The red one is more noticeable() than the blue ones.
My waist measurement() is 30 inches.
The boxer punched his opponent() severely!
A huge amount of data() has been stored in the computer.
I recommend() this toilet paper because its quality is better.
Hot pot and Mahjong are essential() components of SiChuan culture.
He got accustomed() to the food after 10 years of living here.
They had a dispure() over who should be his dance partner.
The shape of the bush() looks like a ball.
The waiter has such a bad attitude().
When you get lost outdoors, you can use a compass().
The detective inferred() from the footprints that the criminal was in the box.
School tends to depress() the boy; it always makes him sad.
Birds reproduce() by laying eggs.
She mounted() her horse and rode away.
The man resisted the temptation() of money.
A triangle() is a shape with three angles and three sides.
He is such a fool() that he can't answer this question.
We have the right to elect() our government.
I completed my final year exam with distinction().
"Please be careful when you drop the anchor()!", the shark shouted.
Pedestrian() should cross the road through the zebra crossing.
I can't believe I won the award() for best actress.
We strated to applaud() after he finished his presentation.
The moon will pass through all of its phases() in about one month.
Remember to keep all your files in the drawer().
The boys venture() deep into the forest.
There is an increasing tendency() for us to make sales.
As a strict food critic(), I think the pizaa is just so so.
Severak politicicans are talking in front of the Unite States Senate().
After merriage, we make the assumption() that a baby will soon follow.
He perceived() the sound even though he was far away.
Evety morning the teacher checked our presence() in class.
She is a good housewife(). She always stays home to cook and clean.
Turn the key to start the ignition().
The suspect() was body-searched by a policeman.
He always dose things on the basis of books; it is so theoretical().
After my arrival(), I called my boyfriend and asked him to pick me up.
It's bad manners() to speak while you're eating.
What a good fortune()! I won the first prize.
It was the locality() of the crime.
Pandas are hard to find because they're so rare().
I took my phone out of my pocket().
The cat made a conquest() of it enemy in the pillow fight.
Optical illusion() play tricks on your eyes.
The movies starts in 10 minutes, in the meantimes(), let's go get some popcorn.
The EU headquarters() is located in Brussels.
Substances() like water can exist in solid, liquid or gaseous form.
My grandmother enjoys it when I pat() her on the head.
The lane extended() for a few miles.
My love story quickly became wildspread() through the internet.
The boy is doing arithmetic() homework. It's easy for him.
Mechanics() is the science of movement and forces.
We have to be at work by ten o'clock(), so I'm already a few minutes late.
He was seemingly() happy but we didn't know haw sad he really was.
The magic cape mage Harry;s body invisible().
Scan() the code to get further information.
Chinese teachers mainly teach the students literacy().
I sentence() you to a year in prison!
I left my car at the workshop() for repairs.
Taste in clothes changes with every era().
This ruler measure objects in centimeters().
My dog resembles() a brown mop.
Our body changes during the transition() from youth to old age.
People play different roles in their lifetime().
The wicked() witch forced Snow White to drink the poison.
You can preserve() food by putting it into the refrigerator.
The protesters blocked() the street.
If I don't have a pen, I just say a note into my tape recorder().
A thief() broke into my car last night.
He gave a lecture() in front of many people.
We kept the campfire burning overnight().
That's a big chest() for a man.
The athlete was carrying the Olympic torch().
This is just the draft() design of a building.
"I have a parcel() for you," said the mailman.
As the boy blows air in, the balloon expands().
He looks like a tough() guy -- you don't want to fight with him.
The cake was cut and beer was served on the occasion().
The solar() ennegy is collected to generate electricity.
Our textile() factory sells many different types of cloth.
Those two lambs() are so cute!.
Our on-line community connects() us all to each other.
She kept smoking although() she was pregnant.
I never miss my target because my aim is so accurate().
Fortunately no one was injured in the collision() between the cars.
"Hand in your homework!" she repeats 3 times to emphasize() its importance.
This chart shows the distribution() of nuclear weapons around the world.
The coach blew the whistle() to end the game.
Their service feedback() from is direct and concise!
These flags represent different nations().
People from different cultures() usually have different ways of greeting each other.
It's more convenient to buy tickets from a ticket agency().
He looked very grave() when he heard the bad news.
Mommy, I want the doll with the butterfly wings()!
The poor boy's head looks like a tiny onion().
The cook used many different kinds of peppers() in his recipe.
The soldiers fought really hard in the battle().
The earth is in non-stop rotation().
Nowadays(), phones are more advanced than this brick.
He misunderstood() the way of cooking smoked meat.
They look like conventional() businessmen.
The right side of theis photo frame is somewhat() lower than the left.
I need to buy some bullet() for my gun.
Sherlock tracked() the criminal by following the footprints.
The kitten is so tiny() that it could be held in one hand.
Having got many blames, the child looks very guilty().
Each packet() of sauce will flavor one meat!
I took my daughter to the grocery store() to buy some food.
The carrier() takes the goods towards his trunk.
The dog is chained() up so as not to hurt people.
Dairy() foods contain lots of calcium.
We're runing in circles()!
Even the donkeys() confrom to traffic regulations!
The policeman is detecting() the crime scene.
Just insert() you credit card into the ATM and you will receive your money shortly.
This powerful man's political ambition() was to unify the three kingdoms.
These wind turbines() can generate electicity.
He deceived() the old man about the contract he was signing.
This machine loads the cargo() onto the ship.
The ants() play in a band.

Whoever() is taller than me must sit down!
This historic() building was built over two thousand years ago.
Climate() differ from place to place, and from season to season.
The little girl really likes her dolls().
The waiter serverd() us the best wine.
I put his birthday card in an envelope().
I'm eating a bigger burger because U'm bigger! It's proportional() to my weight.
The kindergarten() had many toys for children to play with.
The lady feels sympathetic() towards the beggar, so she gives him money.
It's the boy's twelfth() birthday, which means he's arriving at puberty.
I am a big fan of domestic() products.
Prior() to crossing roads, the school bus goes first.
Pulling a rabbit out of a hat is the most classic magic() trick.
Lend me your wool() please, I'll make you a pretty sweater.
His English-Chinese interpretation() is strange, I doubt if it is crroct.
She enjoys herself by reading novels().
She wears a pair of yellow trousers().
There's a lot of thinking() going on in his young brain.
The freight() train transports the goods.
Let's play hide and seek()!
He faces any sitiation with a positive() atitude.
Water is a necessity() for life.
