"We promiss to deliver() mail as soon as possible."said the postman.
We suffered one casualty() at work today.
How thick a rope() do we need?
The can was crushed() and put into the recycling bin.
The youngsters settle the problem by using violence().
I want to travl everywhere() in the world.
I use() a pencil to draw a picture.
The fisherman() hoped that his net would be full of fish.
The theory of evolution() is a wonderful explanation of how life arose.
A keycard is necessary for entry() to the room.
You'll get lots of points if you hit the center() of the target.
The man has a lot of tension() from working too hard.
She directly rejected() marrying him.
My grandmother has a full head of gray() hair.
The ugly duckling was excluded() by his peers.
The trees ware fading() away into the msit.
Turn the handle() to open the door.
The sunlight() brightens the green field.
We condense() all kinds of herbs into pill form.
I drive at the utmost() speed; it is so fast.
We have a reservation(), so our table is saved.
Exercise() is the key to good health.
The employee worked overtime to meet the deadline().
He is editing() the film right now. He'll edit out the unnecessary parts of tje film.
The husband and wife had a very close relationship().
Once upon a time, there was a king ruling() the country.
Don't listen to her -- she's beautiful, but she's evil()!
Our new alliance() allows us to work together to solve problems.
The cat felt confident(); in his mind, he was a powerful beast.
This textbook() demonstrates how to be a cat person.
The woman will undergo() surgery to cure her disease.
The student union recruits() new members every years.
There's no one drinking in the bar(); it's too early.
He's the top man in the administration() of the organization.
With such efficiency of carrying bricks(), I'll get rich ssoon!
Mr. Banana feels so shy as I strip() it naked.
The damaged parts of the car show the accident was disastrous().
Aviation() is one of my biggest interests -- I love airplanes.
"Look, I can spin() hte basketball on my finger!" said the litter girl.

He looked at his phone and screamed().
The roof of hte house is made of tiles().
I love winter because I can ski() when it snows.
I'm a loyal user() of Apple products.
Today() is the day for me to pay my taxes.
This monument() of christ is located in Rio de Janeiro.
This chart can be devided into six sections() of different sizes.
He made a huge amount() of money.
The preliminary() drawings of the building are already finished.
With the remarkable development of technology(), telephones get smaller.
She is lying in the sun with bare foot().
My boss has appointed() me to manage this project.

The duration() of my wait was about one hour.
He couldn't reach the soap since he's too fat to stoop().
White roses are a symbol of purity().
Submarine() travel underwater and attack enemy ships.
Thank you, little bee(), for making such delicious honey.
Get up! The chair can't sustain() your weight.
The salesman() told us the details about the house for sale.
My teacher silently approached me! How horrible()!
China has adopted one-child policy() for a few decades.
Leave me alone! I'm trying to write a program() on the computer!
I am a player() on my local basketball team.
The house went up in flames(); we lost everything.
The book's illustration() of fruits help me to recognzie them.
There's an adequate() amount of water for the elephants to drink.
They set one man apart() from the rest.
She was taking whilst() driving.
The cats are curious() about what's behind the door.
I received the medal in recongnition() of my sports skills.
The music is stored in the disc().
After four years of college, I finally received my degree().
Steam() is coming frome the pot. Turn off the stove!
Can you measure the circumference() of this apple?
Water flows from the tap().
As the water boils() it gives off steam.

An alien is the main character of this work of fiction().
The two rivals() compete to see who's better.
You are sick! Out the mask on or you will infect() others.
What really disgust() me isn't one, but a half worm in an apple.
You must go through the security() check at the airport.
This tool can grind() the beans into a powder.
The man of wealth() wears a lot of glod and silver.
Evidently(), It was my cat who are ate my dinner!
The score() is 30 to 40.
This software will help increase your English vocabulary()!
These pill will cure() you sickness.
The function() of our digestive system is to feed us and keep us alive.
Let's calculate() the final amount.
You should halt() when you see a policeman make this gesture.
It is inevitable() for people to get old.
He's waving the British() flag.
Different sizes if brush() may be applied int different situations.
An ordinary man may also make a heroic() move.
All of us are living on earth as a community().
Mum said I was the freebie from a bundle() sale.
Our viliage was totally ruined() by hte UFO lasers.
Her friends comment() on her post.
There is a disease() spreading around the office.
Could you blow some air() into the balloons?
We go to the movies for some entertainment().
I joined the navy() to be at sea.
As an intellectual(), I write poetry anytime.
Passive() smoking causes great harm to children and pregnant women.
I climbed uo the hill with the assistance() of my friend.
Einstein was a great physicist().
Now I have my driver's license, it's legal() for me to drive on the road.
Money has great appeal() to most people.

Let's get out of here! The bomb() will go off in three seconds!
The litter girl practice() yoga with her mom everyday.
The hammer and sickle represent socialism(). Workers, unite!
This office worker is also an amateur() soccer player.
I'm infected with some bacteria(); that's why I have to go to the hospital.
The beer bottle broke into many fragment().
Look! I have collected so many carrots()!
The quality() of this spoon is terrible!
Our scheme() for the next game is a 4-4-2 formation.
The boss was angry and dismissed() the employee.
The soldier would sacrifice() his life to save others in the war.
The parents take their kids playing outdoors().
The patient is in critical() condition -- move quickly!
At dawn(), the sun rises over the mountain.
I suffer from chronic() pain.
The maximun output of this engine is two hundred horsepower().
The spokesman() on stage is answering questions.
I saw a baby deer() this morning. It was so cute!
This steak() looks very delicious.
The lamp was suspended() from the ceiling.
You have to pay the toll() if you ride the highway.
A misty fog() floats above the trees.
Missiles() are used to attack enemies from a long distance.
The athleteleaps() over the obstacles.
Can you guess what the graph indicates()?
Science() has greatly improved human life.
Thankfully, the conversion() rate of RMB to foreign currency is getting better gradually.
He is conducting() an orchestra.
I now have a membership() in the airline's VIP club.
The knight fights with a sword and shield().
The little girl is the only witness() of this accident.
I finally draw a conclusion() from these facts.

