Hooray! My ball's going into the hole()!
Here's a present -- I even tied a ribbon() around it.
The little boy wore a helmet in accordance() with safety regulations.
The kids are eager() to eat the ice cream before it melts.
Due to you weight, it's advisable() that you change your diet.
The sunshine() broke through the clouds.
My boyfriend told me that he would be responsible() for this baby.
The man is going to pump() some water.
There are ghosts in movies and stories, but I don't think they are real.
The recession() has hurt the global economy.
"Junior" means young or younger.
Could you check my spelling() of that word?
These purple flowers bloom() in spring.
There are tens of thousands of different species() of birds.
No words could express my regret() when she was gone.
Computers run on binary code().
Can you see the tiny cells()?
Besides the performance, he also interact() well with his fans.
I hope this fishing rod() is strong enough to catch a big fish.
It's unknown() where the flying object came from.
The family creats an education fund() for their baby.
That guy has an unusual() ability! He can fly!
They come from two different areas, so they speak different dialect().
The anti-virus software secure() our computers.
Food van() on the street have the cheapest and best food.

Morning exercises benifit() old people.
From the airplane I could see the entrie() city.
The probability() of grasping a snake is 2/3.
Sneezing is a common symptom() of a cold.
This is the motor() of the four-wheel drive.
The doctor showed me an X-ray() of my broken hip.
Our manager wants us to feel pride() in the quality of our work.
Our group's strength lies in out unity().
Compared with the immense() universe, our planet is so small.
Look! A little girl is hiding behind the curtain()!
Not agian -- I hate having to brake() my car for cows.
The slogan() will urge us to work hard.
Jesus Christ() is an important figure for billions of people.
A roller() can be used to paint a wall faster than a paintbrush.
I hope someone finds my message in this bottle().
The month is over, so it's time to flip to the next month on the calendar().
In modern society, WiFi is the most fundamental() need.
There is an exit at the end of the corridor().
Check all you receipts() when you do your taxes.
This digital() stopwatch is very precise.
Your father was a quite a sportsman() in his younger days.
It's so pleasant to rest here in the shade() of tje tree!

The wit() of that little boy fascinates us!
There was an awful() smell comong from the dusbin.
The cows are hungry -- bring them some hay() to eat.
I had my mechanic inspect() the car before I bought it.
This dwelling() is in a very nice neighborhood.
"I finally got this bag!" she yelled with delight().
He swam to the shore().
How much will it cost to repair() my car?
Bacon() is made from pig meat.
He has recovered() well from his foot injury.
Our introduction() was short but friendly -- we shook hands.
I love to eat all kinds of candy().
If you want to hit the target, you will have to concentrate() and focus.
This mystic light swirling over my hands is a miracle().
Each lock has its own corresponding() key.
I'll need a sample() of your blood to see if you're sick.
The woman guides() the elderly to the tourist spot.
I'll push the nail in by means() of this hammer.
I've always wanted to be a member() of the group.
The teacher gave me lots of instruction() to improve my English.
This superhero runs as fast as lightning().
The gross() cost for all these things is very high.
He checks out the document() before signing it.
The little boy went backword() on the beach.
Bats() hang themselves upside down when they sleep.
The women chat() casually about their lives
He will certainly() lost if he plays basketball with Yao Ming.
The basin() is out bathroom was very clean.
Baicizhan is a prefect() English study application.
"Thanks to all the sponsors() for the support!" said the host.
The soccer game was really competitive().
The little girl imitate() her mother when she exercises.
Have some healthy food instead() of hamburgers.
Bread, beef, cheese and salad constitute() the perfect burger.
The guard() stood outside and defended the palace gates.
I'm so excited! My idol is about to appear() on stage!
Cigarette() are getting more expensive every year.
The interior() furnishing of the living room is very delicate.
The school is surrounded by a large fence().

The little guy shows his talent at playing the durm().
The egg shell() broken in half.
The apple was penetrated() with an arrow.
The employee was notified() that he was fired.

The fan went crazy() when he saw the actor.
My mouth watered when the waiter took the lid() off the plate.
Let me explain the concept() with this diagram.
Our oil supply() comes from this pipe.
The hands of the farmer are tough().
The ad said the product was absolutely() guaranteed to work.
Jack Ma is an outstanding() example of enterpreneurs.
The German delegation() received a warm welcome upon arrival to the UK.
A smart phone is the most up-to-date() way to get important information.
I always accompany() my children to their school.
It requires cooperative() efforts to beat the red team.
These tubes() are made of steel.
My girlfriend was an hour late for our date. I was getting impatient().
This TV comedy() show is quite interesting.
I donate() blood to help those who need it.
We saw various() types of fish during our dive.
A marketing campaign has several different aspects() such as price, promotion etc.
Buddha was a divine() soul who spread the message of love and peace.
Please pass me a fork() for my salad.
Mom really made a fuss() when I broke an egg.
Taking these supplements() makes you more beautiful.
These are so many animals in the zoo()!
The agent invite() us in to have a look at the house.
I refused the red envelop, but the actual() fact was that I wanted it.
Pikachu has an ability to generate electricity().
The prospective() King is trying on his father's outfit.
Don't touch these wires, They'll give you an electric() shock.
I use facts and statistics() to prove my point.
I have always wanted to play music on the guitar().
We should drink more mineral() water -- it's good for our health.
Her indifferent() look showed that she was not interested in me.
Lord Bao attended the conference on behalf() of Baicizhan.

The harbor() contains so many boats.
I want to got to the band's concert() so much! I LOVE their music.
The two windows are surrounded() by green leaves.
As a farmer, I own acres() and acres of land.
I want a new, flat screen computer monitor().
The magnet() is the threat to Iron Man.
The design if her ring() is very interesting and uique.
University was difficult for me, but I graduated eventually().
The monument looks beautiful form this viewpoint().
Use a spoon to stir() the coffee before you drink it.
Spread() the butter evenly to all parts of the bread.
I like painting with red() paint, because red is a lucky color.
Mr. Bao is very nervous because the following() performance will be his solo.
The nurses wear white uniform() when they work.
Where dose the door() lead to?
When the leaf is seen up close, you can see a lot of fine details().
In a show of support they all began to clap() their hands.
The hare decides to take a rest, meanwhile(), the tortoise kept moving.
"Help me, I'm drowning()!" he shouted as he sank under the water.
This card can verify() the man's identity.
When he took his mask() off, I saw that he looked very defferent.
She is imagining() herself wearing a pretty dress.
This guy's duty is to regulate() the traffic.
He has lived in poverty() since he joined the beggar gang.
I think we have a visitor() at the door.

The wedding was very fancy(), there ware flowers everywhere.
He has the ability() to run on water.
The unexpected disaster() destroyed the whole city.
Your penguin is a weightlifter? That must be a very capable() bird!
His objection() made the other man feel unhappy.
Giving the worker a cart greatly improved his efficiency(), and now he can work twice as fast.
They gave a salute with a solemn() expression.
We need to protect() this plant -- it's very rare.
I love to watch builders mixing concrete().
The dog despise() the cat for licking her ass.
This book is full of the wisdom() of Confucius.
Dominoes fall down in a successive() way.
They are robots, but they have emotion().
Canada contains many province().
These poor African kids suffer a lot from famine().
The cheetah is the swift() land animal.
We pay our rents() to the house owner every month.
The child dreads() the ghost so much that he couldn't fall asleep.
The old lady is trying to bargain() with the paddler.
Reading so many graphs() really exhausted me!
She is in a state of anxiety() as she lacks monoy for raising a baby.
Pull down your pants and get ready for your injection().

The little boy implied() his craving for this cherry.
The cat attempts() to catch that fish!
I fell downward() though the air, hoping my parachute would open.
Driving down the dirt road so fast created a lot of dust().
I need to be more healthy, so would favor() an apple over a burger.
The leader gives a speech to induce() his followers.
We made a loop() out of rope foe future use.
In winter, I perfer shirts with long sleeve().
I measure  out a single dose() of the medicine for the patient.
There is a wide variety() of tomatoes; they are different in color.
One should be tolerant() of all cultural differences.
The stock index rises and falls all the time. Invest cautiously.
It was a high stakes() poker game.
I like this toy(); It can be used to scare others.
Notwithstanding() the snow, the girl is still selling the matches.
The policeman asked the girl to give a description() of the criminal.
Under his leadership, they made it to the top!
I'm having trouble digesting() all this spicy food.
The mother made a concession() and allowed the boy to continue watching TV.
You committed the crime, and now you are liable() for the consequences!
As the chief() of the team, the male lion can have many mates.
He annoys me by talking all the time.
This room is an absolute() mess.
I pin() notes to the wall to remind me to do things.
The lion let out a mighty roar().
You should omit() those repeated words in the article.
The red cog is crucial(); all other cogs depend on it.
This photo was taken when I went sightseeing() in Paris.
We thank Steve Jobs for the establishment() of Apple.
The waves() are washing off the drawing on the beach.

