My hard hat is so rigid() that even a Nokia phone can't crack it!
You are my beloved().
Instant coffee is soluble() in hot water.

I'm so prosperous() that mt bed is made of solid gold.
The raw sewage drains() into the river.
Help! I'm lost amid() all the colored balls!
I could hear the couple's quarrel() from the other room.
She used cream on her cheeks() to take care of her skin.
There are different kinds of electrical component().
Ice melt() and turns into water if it's hot enough.
The new bulb is the replacement() of the old one.
Sichuan has consumed() a great amount of chili.
She cannot control her anger().
Please inform() us of the news as soon as you konw.
Violent warfare() is taking place in this area.
Your notepad is blank(); write some notes about the meeting!.
This is an academy() for soldiers to train.
Many people came to support the president's campaign().

An orphan faces a life of great hardship().
He's not really() good at shooting arrows.
Even today, the humen race continues to evolve().
The guitar is a musical() instrument which is hard to learn.
The giraffes rest by the tree at sunset().
It's probable() to win in gambling if you are good enough at maths.
The homeless refugee() girl is deep in sorrow.
The abandoned() house looks extremely terrifying.
American gained its independence() from Britain in 1776.
Family members have a strong bond(). You can never tear them apart.
The patient finally became conscious() after the operation.
The factory waste polluted() the sea and killed the sea creatures.
The convict() is in prison for some pretty terrible crimes.
This vast() desert looks impossible to pass.
The gilr puts the notice() on the board.
We took an excursion() into the forest.
The young couple is wandering() in the park.
The soldiers are marching foward in an ordlerly() way.
The fruit merchant() gave me a good price on his tomatoes.
I'll be your waiter() tonight -- may I recommend the fish?
Cities near the ocean often face the rish of hurricane().
"All of my menoy is gone!" the man cried in dispair().
She is an excellent student so she gets the scholarship() event year.
"Ouch -- my back is so stiff()!" the athlete complained.
Holland has an abundant() supply of tulips.

If you're in my zone(), you have to listen to me!
They are whiper() as they are talking about gossips.
The green light allows() you to go.
Don't make me read that thick() book - I only read thin one.
The oven's output() is 48 loaves per hours.
The vacuum cleaner helps me to get git of the dirt().
The nuclear bomb went off and created a massive() mushroom cloud.
From the outset() of the race, the man was ahead.
As a medical() doctor, I work mainly with sick people.
As a nurse, I love to work closely with my patients().
Soda() water is good for your health.
They gave me an American visa, so I now have permission() to travel there.
Eating spinach will enhance() his power!
The water surge() over the road.
A farmer uses a spade() to remove soil easily.

The green light allows() you to go.
Those two fellows() are celebrating their success.
The federal() level of government is responsible for the whole country.
He wrote down a topic() for us to discuss.
It's rude to talk on the phone during() dinner.
My college professor() really enjoys teaching.
The water is pure() enough to drink from the tap.
In some families they say a prayer() together before each meal.
I'm blind(), but my dog can see for me.
This guy particularly() likes eating meat!
She prayed with an earnest() look on her face.
She held her baby to her breast() to give some milk.
My childhood() was a happy and innocent time! I was lucky.
We should protect the atmosphere() of the earth to reduce global warming.
She expressed her desire for the cookie by implication().
It's fortunate() to find a four-leave clover.
Be careful around the hot furnace().
The water is starting to evaporate().
The arrival of this man was timely().
Those who attended the seminar() learnt a lot.
Raising his forefinger(), he began to give instructions to the team.
The city handles trash disposal() for us.
Mary is reading a bedtime story() to her kids.
Once and for all, it's time to quit() smoking.
The bay() cuts into the land and makes a perfect place to go swimming.
I torture() my husband to dig out who Jingjing is!
Primitive() men made fire by themselves since they had no electricity.
Now, I'll apply() some cream to your face.
They are considering how to create a new compound().
You should wear something proper() when having an interview.
The kitten raises() his friend up to steal the fish.

It's a bird sitting on the wire().
A detective() must know how to see through prople's lies.
I climbed up the ladder() to change the light bulb.
Nowadays most long-distance travel is by jet() plane.
When I camp in the mountains, I alway wear hiking boots().
Increasingly(), we're making out money in the China market.
The City was hit by extensive() flooding.
My mom bothers me on a frequent() basis.
He finished his homework in advance().
I have prepared sufficient() pancakes for my daughter.
I went on a trip with ten() of my friends.
Many people are fond of Italian() food.
Watch out - if you mix those chemicals() togather they will explode!
The author spend hours at his typewriter().
The cator enjoys fame() and loves the attention it brings him.

The tide() comes in, and the water sprays over the rocks.
This safe is very solid().
Money matters() a lot to me.
I hope our sales show some improvement() soon.
Watch out - the valcano() is erupting!
Crocodiles are vicious() animals, Stay away from them if you can.
Our company() has a new office building.
They give twenty() percent discount for online payment. Take out you phone.
I work downtown() but I live outside the city.
The court will make fair judgments().
A dog that doesn't eat its own poop is worthy() of praise!
People of all nationalities() come togather for the Olympic Games.
Some people had a prejudice() againse black people in the past.
Admit your mistakes to God, and repent()!
The friction() heats up the wood and starts a fire.
Thanks to all of you for making a contribution() to our charity.
You should expect a lot of criticism() when starting a new job.

In our culture, It's a custom() to wear these special bracelets.
If we cooperate(), we will get the job done more quickly.
The baby inherited() his father's curly hair.
Let me tell you a secret() about uncle Jack.
The girl has a lot of defiance() in her!
The student is very polite() to his teacher.
This news really amazes() me!
My husbanf likes to rouse() me with a gentle touch in the morning.
Oh no, I've spilled() the green nail polish.
The nurse will assist() you in walking to your car.
Mom put a pot of soup into the refigerator().
They went on a mountain expedition().
The university's sports meeting is a very popular event().
The grandparents spoil() their grandchild by doing everything for him.
Why do you give me stale() oranges to eat?
We need to move farther() to reach the destination.
The tune() of the song is wonderful.
As soon as we meet, there was an instant attraction() between us.
The scales() of justice never lie.

The rapper used his fluent() English to complete the freestyle.
Just surrender(); don't try to fight back.
Working hard in the gymnasium() keeps us fit.
He grasped() the award firmly, hoping mot to drpo it.
If I can't increase sales, I'll be a failure()!
The musical genius() was a composer even in childhood.
The living condition() here are really poor.
The declaration() states that the US is an independent country.
She was really upset() after her presentation to the class didn't go well.
This Western saddle() is comfortable when I have to ride all day.
She showed me the flower in her palm().
You can hear a humming sound coming from the transformer() at the power plant.
A cube() is a three dimensional square.
Accessibility facilities() help improve the living standard of the disabled.
He finally graduated() from the school!
In an election(), we decide who our leaders will be.
I drop off my kids at the nursery() before I go to work.
The format() of the newspaper is well arranged.
I've never stoped my pursuit() of money.
He is always modest() about his excellent.
The two engineer() are discussing their new building plans.
The main characteristic() of an elephant is its long trunk.
The man is willing() to be at his boss's service.
These pipes() are made of plastic, so they are very light.
These two senators() met each other in front of the while house.
No~~ don't drag() me in. You can't do this to me!
The final score brought me great dishonour()!
We burn these for our ancestors in the spitit() world.
The angry villagers are rioting() in the street.
25 substrcted() from 100 is 75.
Biology() is the study of life.
I decided to ware a western() style wedding dress.
The origin() of mankind is still mysterious, but we think our ancestors lived in the trees.
Water is vital() for life.
The typhoon caused much destruction(), knocking over trees and damaging houses.
With a 90% market share, this brand totally dominates() the market.
None of the classmates konw the reason for his absence().
This city has many canals() running throught it.

The list of these books is in chronological() order.
The stone house is quite steady() under the extreme weather.
It's her job to assess() her patient's health.
I've prepared a few snacks() for you to enjoy before dinner.
Both of them were happy with their agreement.()
These pills weigh three grams().
The teacher is giving a lesson about physiological() knowledge.
Many ethnic() groups have their own contumes.
Look here girls. That's what the boy's dorm() looks like.
They will polish() your car and make it shine!
All the workers are trying to solve the engineering() problem.
The steep white cliff() surrounded the bay.
His laser-like() syse saw right through me.
This device will eliminate() the weeds in my garden.

