Mr. Bao painted the ad() on the wall to let more people know about us.
The headmaster() of the magic school is a kind old man.
The newspaper repoerted the scandal() of the police officer.
The pipe is filled with tobacco().
The girl looks at her model() house with a smile.
We have multiple() colors to choose from.
Mr. Bug won the poop-rolling game! Congratulations to the champion().
That's an odd() hat you're wearing!
He has to jump up the vertical() flagpole to get a high score.
He is skiing down the slope(), I hope he won't fall.
The cat has sharp claws().
The agent() helped us buy a new house.
The little boy wants to became a star observer() in the future.
The factory produced() things quickly.
The dog and its master() are close to each other.
He is running arround in bare() feet.
I'm fond() of having phisical contact with my masculine boyfriend.
The residents() here like to interact with each other.
Flipping a coin is an arbitrary() way to make decisions.
This man is very rude() when he is on the phone.
They spit() on the zombie, hoping it can be killed.
The plural() from of the word 'fish' is still 'fish'.
The old man financed() the poor student's education.
The memorial() of the Confucius is built to remind us of his achievements.
Your fingerprints are so unique that they can help the police to identify() you.
Will he find any gold in the mine()?
Sulfur() can be used in the production of gunpowder.
Crack open the shell to eat the nut() inside.
The worker transfered() the box to another place.

I love the simplicity() of the single flower floating on the water.
The little boy emits() a ray of light from his hands.
All of the media coverage() is just about the lottery winner.
I will have whichever() drink is most delisious.
It is easy to overlook() Mr. Bao in this picture.
The architect() imagines the house that his client wants to build.
A happy family is based on sexual() equality.
The old woman is dropping a sack() of litter into the rubbish bin.
I punish() you to kneel on the laundry board!
Cinderalla has a pair of crystal() shoes.
Lights out bu midnight()! I mean it!
The basement() is musty and has a strange smell.
His behavior() in class has improved a lot over the past month.
I took my dog to the vet to be examine().
The grand() view really amazed me.
The president is handling the political affairs().
They wear clothes of Japanese() style.
The building has a very systematic() design, with every part repeated.
It's a emergency(): get her to the hospital as soon as possible.
I won first place, and got the gold medal().
The dictionary is now in its eighth edition().
RMB is the currency() of China.
The wire on his head is used for the transmission() of signals.
For this week only, a 25% price reduction() on all our clothes!
This giant() hamburger cannot fit in my mouth, but I', so hungry I will eat is all!
That guy made a proposal() to his girlfriend with a diamond ring.
The family assembled() in the living room for a family photo.
Although tha water is cold, we persist() in going forward.
They made a commitment() to each other at their wedding ceremony.
The fruit was plentiful() at the farmer's market.
The girl took a vacation() on the beach.
His assistant() asked him to sign the papers.
He has the power of prophecy() - he can tell the future.
Let's work together, I think we can come to some kind of settlement().
Airplanes fly all over the globe(), even over the poles.
Please give me the timetable() for the flights.
The goose is transporting() a duck to cross over the river.
No one offered a seet to the elderly() man.
This is the proof of my ownership() of the house.
Wow, you can driver a manual() transmission car?
The island is isolated() from the rest of the world, very few visitors come here.
The water is shallow() here.

An A+ is the best possible result(). Good work!
Many people prefer brandy() to other hard liquors.
I finaly found water in the desert().
A mushroom cloud formed after the atomic() bomb went off.
The pie attracted() both Tom and Jerry.
Who is going to win this competition()?
I'll squeeze() some oranges to make orange juice.
Japanese people show respect() by bowing.
We reinforce() the strucure of the building with steel tods.
This phone is reduced() to $998 in the sale.
These mooncakes' flavours are very peculiar()!
Coffee is made from coffee bean().
This gang() of troublesome young men likes to cause trouble.
The twins always dress similarly().
The man install() a celling fan.
I exerted() all my strength to lift all the boxes.
I made a huge bet() in the game but I lost, and now I have no money.
The story was about a fairy() with butterfly wings.
He kneels() in front of his master to show respect.
It's too hot at midday(), so don't go outside.
I'm wearing my raincoat(), so I don;t have to worry about the rain.
The typist() is finishing her documents.
The man aims() at the center of the target.
She's a competent() worker and good at her job.
Car production() is a difficult and complicated process.
My puppy created a mess() after I left home.
Most of the iceberg is beneath() the surface.

Playing badminton() on the grass makes the little boy so happy.
The troops were defeated and retreated() from the battle.
He really takes good care of his sister, What a thoughtful() boy.
Ever since she started her diet, she has had a very slim() figure.
I'll pour() a glass of wine for you.
This is how cookies are really processed()!
As a kick-ass astronaut(), I have a special spaceship.
The two grave robbers are exploring() a newly found tomb.
Even though a wolf() looks a bit like a dog, it is actually much more dangerous.
You can see the framework() of the building so well at the moment.
My colleagues congratulated() me on the promotion.
The spider() weaves a web to catch flies.
He can overcome() the challenge if he tries hard enough.
The boy learned math and science formula() at a young age.
My hair is quite() soft and smooth without any special effects.
The applicants() for the job are waitng outside before the interview.
The incident() of the missing flight is still mystery.
I am cutting up this cabbage() to make a salad.
You have so much prestige() and fame, I bet you're rich, too.
Different people react() differently when showna horror movie.
The management() team is having a regular meeting.
The soldier scout() the enemy in the grass.
Suddenly, the dolphin emerged() from the sea.
Compared to the island, the mainland() is much bigger.
He felt a good impression() on the interview.
This goat's horns() are very long and curly.
The United States has a republican() form of government.
My niece() is my sibling's daughter.
My cat packed() his stuff to leave.
The proportion() shows that the females outnumber the males in the university.
Be cautious when you steer() a car.
The aggressive emperor invaded() other countries and wanted to be the emperor of the world.
He didn't understand her vague() words.
He compelled() me to walk forward - mostly by pulling my tie.
She uses a blue towel() to dry her hair.
These people dress differently for their different kinds of emplyment().
Let's lessen() the valume before our neighbors come over.
The village offical() is reading newspapers.
My house is worth() two hundred thousand dollars.
I feel happier on sunny() days.
The main is skilled() at dealing with all kinds of things.
The bride() is holding a bouquet of flowers.
I made a million() dollars last year!
The man in the pub() ordered a beer and a bowl of peanuts.
Press this button to go back to the previous() page.
Many people contribute() money to help people in need.
I put my cat on my luggage().
His mother insists() that he should put on his warm pants.
The flowers in the pot are dying() from lack of water.
The monkey's imitation() of my dance was very funny!
"I have great determination() to lost weight". said the big girl.
The diagram shows the water cycle() process.

Votind is an important civil() right.
The sun is the ultmate() source of energy.
The happy couple are standing on the front od the ship's deck().
The black plague() took thousands of livers away in the middle ages.
This grocer() is very nice, he always gives me a discount.
It's my dream to jump into a heap() of money.
I really learned a lot by discussing with my colleague().
The mum clothed() the baby.
"Should this be the standard for the perfect figure()"?
The house is under construction().
Her ideal() weight is about twenty kilos lighter.
Please fill up my car with gasoline().
The reflection() the cat saw in the mirror was not itself, but a lion.
Wow, what a muscular() body you have.
She has prepared the cooking material() for lunch.
"I have so many pretty pieces of clothing!" said the girl.
We took this picture of ourselves().
His facnt car is a symbol of his status().
She is such a superfucial() girl that she only likes his face!
The beautiful actress() loves the attention she gets from her fans.
To make the right choice(), you have to attend the lessons.
The company is performing worse() and worse.
I used a big hammer() to push in the nail.
They are desperate to reconcile() and fix their broken hearts.
The gitl's soul() leaves her body.
We saw the airplane with radar() before we could see it with our own eyes.
The worker earned() his pay after carrying so many bricks.
Who do you prefer out of these famous foreign writers()?
We found his unconscious() on the floor.

