People often apply quotation() from Shakespeare.
The girl is so briliant() that she can solve the difficult question.
It looks like you were, recently(), outside in the sun.
Many people are bound() to their jobs.
The inner() core of the earth is made up of lead.
Even with an artificial() leg, he can still beat you in a race.
There is a board() hanging on the outside of the door.
The old man pledged() allegiance to his country.
Dogs are always loyal() to their owners.
I dont't think I  could climb() that mountain.
I'm looking for a good translation() of some Chinese poems.
How much is the tuition() at your university?
There is an aisle() in the center of the church.
The footprint convinces() the police that the bear is the suspect.
Helping the old is a traditional virtue() of China.
Pests() are those irritating and harmful insects.
Since I've graduated from college, my job prospects() are great.
Revolutionarise() fought against the dictatorship.
Sleep deficiency() may cause dark circles under the eyes.
She really has confidence() about how her face looks.
I have no money in my bank account().
It's wonderful to soar() in the sky like a bird.
I spend too much money on clothes!
You're never too old to discover your artistic() side.
"Here, doggy, fetch!" I shouted as I threw the ball.
"I'm so worried!" She shouted in obvious distress().
That's how some college students occupy() the seats.
The toilet is for the mother and baby exclusively().
These ethnic minorities() wear colorful clothes.
My weight has reached the maximum()! Oh not!
This purse() can hold a lot of change.
Which kind of flavour is more delicious? There was controversy() over the result!
Let's pop() open the champagne!
Look at that colorful rainbow() in the sky.
Old people liked to play mah-jong for recreation().
Water was nowhere() to be found.
The Pacific() Ocean is the biggest ocean in the world.
He was very gentle() and gave me his coat.
Their actions were friendly, but in realtiy() they hated each other.
Luckily, this kind of shoe is waterproof().
The worker is getting rid of the weed().
The rock was formed b erosion() over millions of years.
Everytime I eat bread, I always leave the crust().
I like to relax and enjo a little liquor() after work.
The little girl licks() her ice cream with joy.
We live to the southwest() of out school.
I wonder what could be in the package().
Many civilians() joined the protests against the army.

This group of lads() all have a different style.
The Egyptian civilization() lasted for thousands of years.
The salesman displayed() the latest laptop.
Shopping always excites() girls.
My mother's suffering() is intense - her back really hurts.
The strings are made of nylon().
Somking can cause() lung cancer.
Good communication can build a bridge of mutual() understanding.
The employee() felt very happy when his boss prised him.
Doves are the symbol() of peace.
In our organization(), everyone takes orders from me. Is that clear?
My wife's complaints() are usually about me.
We'll use the thermometer() to see if you have a fever.
My joints() hurt from all this running!
Let me check() that our blood pressure is OK.
You can get a brief idea of a book from the table of contents().
Sweet corn() tastes best eaten with salt and butter.
My cat sank into a deep depression() since I had a boyfriend.
This is a portrait() of a powerful 17th century nobleman.
Communist() hope to create an equal society.
Navigation() can be done using a map, the stars, or GPS.
Many people are affected() by the air pollution in winter.
Her tears are full of sorrow().
I think the likehood() that I will find love eventually is very high.
I followed a trail() through the filed.
I perform my workout on the mat().
A little cat is sleeping in the old lady's lap().
He is welding() together the two pieces of metal.
I'd like to have some dessert() with a cup of tea after dinner.
I deserved a satisfactory() service at the barber shop.
My fitness coach() teaches me how to exercise.
He uses scissors() to cut his hair.
The girl proceeded() only after the traffic light turned green.
The balloons are fully with hydrogen() in order to ascend to the air.
We get to know how fast we are from the speed gauge().
The company does a survey() to collect to collect users' opinions.
Geometry() is my least favorite subject - I hate it!
This ia an expensive residential() area.
The fierce() dog is chasing the little yellow guy!
My secretary() helped me with mu email.
The fact that he's having an affair with someone has becone evident().
I realized() my mistake too late.
The boastful man is explaining his theory() on how to attract girls.
The eye doctor said that my vision() is excellent.
Unfortunately(), It's supposed to rain all weekend.
The cat is alert() when guarding its fish.

Social media and the internet made world-wide() communication very simple.
Oh, no! I think we are struck in the mud()!
He clicked() the mouse to open the file.
He is one of the most famous rap() singers in China.
The users of this product are largely() female.
I did a comparative() study of which kind of car uses the least fuel, and decided on the smallest car.
It was my fate() to marry him.
It's going to take all afternoon to unload() these boxes.
The premature() baby was born one month early.
I can't sleep when the fly is humming() around my ear.
The birds finally get their freedom()! There are flying out of the cage!
We forbid() smoking in the restaurant.
The fever weakened() the little girl's body and mind.
Religious people get their sense of morality() - what's right and wrong - from their religious books.
The dog was reluctant() to take a bath.
My cat was totally shocked() by the big surrprise!
Our company created a virtual() store on the internet.
That aircraft() has no polit flying it!
What a surrprise! The best student is absent() from school.
Now that I have enough money, it's time to buy some property().
Many factories let out gaseous() waste.
The belt conveys() the luggages() out.
The college campus() is a great place for dating.
He bowed to show his sincere() thanks to the doctor.
"I'm so angry!" shouted the woman with rage() in her voice.
Dictators always cause people to revolt().
Coal burns so easily because it contains lots of carbon().
Did you see the whale() jump out of the sea?
The cat is stretching() its body.
It's so convenient()! You can buy things here at any time.
I have to enduce() a bunch of weird smells on my way to work.
The blow to her head was strong enough to render() her unconscious.
Look! A mass() of minions are coming.
Please don't cut is all off; I just want a short trim().
It's not a serious injury, but merely() a cut.
Every autumn we have to enroll() in classes.
He managed() his time well to complete all of his tasks.
How elegant() the ballet dancer is!
The collar() of this shirt is too tight.
My boyfrienf always tries his best to console() me when I'm upset.
Our nursery offers a seletion() of spring flowers of many different colors.
That lighting effect() makes the stage look mysterious.
Representatives() from different countries attended the assembly() of the UN.
If you go to New York, you should see the Status of Liberty().
The new trend() is for girls to wear very colorful colthing.

