He reveals() his identify to be Super Man.
The ball hit the ground and bounced(). 
All this typing gives me wrist() pains.
Make sure your objects is in focus() before taking the photo.
He was a president, but now he’s just an ordinary() man. 
The rabbit was captured() by the hunter.
The wreck() of the plane was left here. 
He has such a funny accent()! 
Don’t worry, this lion is tame() – It won’t hurt you. 
I just don’t like measuring() my height!  
The watch is water resistant(). 
He always likes to quote() the words of chairman Mao. 
The baby crawls() forward on his arms and legs. 
She really dislike() vegetables. 
The feather is the token() of her identity. 
This is a very famous painting(). 
The flower is purple(). 
The temperature is 37 degrees Celsius, which is about 99 degrees Fahrenheit(). 
Alice caught a quick glimpse() of Wonderland throught the tiny door. 
The zebra has black and white stripes() on its sides. 
Jacke Ma is an influential() figure in the global market. 
The lion feeds on flesh().
The dog really drives me mad()! It always pees on my shoes!.  
The immune() system is like a shell, protecting our body from disease. 
The train is delayed(), so she has to wait longer.  
He makes me feel I'm inferior() to him. 
She was elected as a representative() of the National People's Congress. 
The spring is a very elastic() thing that can stretch far. 
Worms() make good fish bait. 
The jury() saw the injury.  
Get me out of this cage()! Where's the key?!  
Her salary() is her only supplementary.  
Please don't chew() and speak at the same time.
The rules and regulations() of our school drive us mad!
The cat is filled with the desire() to eat the fish.
I created() the painting all by myself.
It snowed throughout() the day and night.
I'm on a diet(), so I'll just have a salad().
The big boss objected() to their new plan.
Sitting in the dentist chair() always fills me with fear.
The stamp()  on the pig shows the good quality of it.
I took my car to the garage()  to be repaired
Customers pay money at the counter() .
He took the silver medal, which is secondary()  in importance.
The girl uses a pepper spray()  to protect herself.
He eventually climbed to the summit()  of the mountain.
The man is submitting()  the report to his boss.
My mobile phone is very reliable() .
What a waste()  to throw the food away.
I wish he love me, she sighed()  with disappointment.
The superhero punched his enemy()  in the face.
This gallery()  has a lot of flower pictures.
The pretty shirt is so cheap that I want to purchase()  it at once.
The pupil is completely immersed in the glory()  of receiving a red scarf.
Yhe man is checking the largr yellow tank() .
Our grandfather()  loves to read us stories.
That captain()  is so charming.
Going after the sun exhausted()  Kuafu.
We pour the cement()  in before it dries.
My daughter is absorbed()  in her story book.
It was fun participating in the race() .
They accused()  each other of being wrong.
She can reverse()  her car into a parking space.
He has an extreme hunger()  right now. Feed him!
The sniper looked through the scope()  to see the target.
There is a lump()  on his neck.
According to the schedule() , I have lots of work to do today.
After my vacation, I showed my friends all of my travel photographs() .
The aim of the court()  is to provide justice.
There are many benches()  along the street.
The rice crops are planted in long horizontal() .
His height equals the average()  of his parents' heights.

I would love a bowl of mild() chicken soup right now.
The automatic() production line improves the working efficiency greatly.
A flock() of sheep were grazing on the grassland.
Damn() it! Why do I keep getting fired!
Turn off the stove(), or the food will be overcooked.
Don't worry, he's an expert(), he'll know how to fix the computer.
How did you get your hair() so straight? 
I give you my consent(); you can do it if you want.
The building was destroyed in the blast() after he turned around.
You want me to call him? Sure(), I can do that! 
lin falls down and creates a huge pit()  in the ground!
Your violin has a beatuiful tone() .
The boat is approaching()  the jetty at a high speed.
Did you see the editorial()  in the newspaper?
My mother dresses my twin brothers in identical()  clothing.
The road is very straight() .
The elephant raised his trunk()  in a salute.
The burst()  of the bomb led to the mushroom cloud in the sky.
You ought()  to wipe your butt after pooping.
Christians()  believe in Jesus.
It's better to maintain silence()  when you do not know what to say.
Have you read this script() ? It's very funny.
She looks mature()  with heavy make-up.
The tap is dripping() . Please turn it off.
My will power makes me float()  in the air.
The horse's long tail()  lifted up into the air as it ran.
The optional()  subjects are usually more interesting than majors.
I told her I wanted to break up and she attacked()  me!
This ice cream bar tastes()  so good!
He was so abgry that he snapped()  the pencil in two.
I was left alone at the train station() .
There are many different versions()  of Monkey King.
Use the other end of the hammer to remove()  nails.
Drinking while pregnant will do great harm()  to your baby.
Employer exploits()  his workers ruthlessly for his own profits.
This camera lens()  costs a lot.
There are five alternative()  answers for each question.
I prefer portable()  computers -- they're more convenient.
Will you live to ninety()  years old?
Sort()  your garbage into different bins.
All you need to sew clothing is a needle()  and thread.
You can see the entire city from the upper()  floors of the Empire State Building.
Modern road system can be very complex() .
Glue()  is very useful for stricking things together!
The fat man is wondering how to pass through the narrow()  road.
I think your hat is too flat() .
The angle()  of each corner is 60 degrees.
The square dancers might be aged,but they're still dynamic() !
The litter boy unhappily sat in the corner()  of the room.
There is a variety of clothes on the catalog()  for us to select.
Sign this with a pen(), please.
The girl describing() to the police about what happened.
My grandfather retired() at 60 and raised a bird.
The welfare() of the workers is getting better.
They are wearing traditional folk()  clothing.
There are the face of former()  presidents.
When I drop a rock on my foot, every single toe()  hurts.
She use a rag()  to clean the glass window.
He has made progressive()  progress in his grade.
The scientist was hurt by explosive()  liquid!
I'm trying to eat a diet()  of only fruits and vegetables.
They used to use telegrams()  for messages.
Use the slit()  to insert coins and activate the machine.
This annual()  big sale is held specially for the single.
The status of subordinates()  is lower than their superior.
The reeds sway()  back and forth in the wind.
Police wear a blue cap()  when on duty.
The cat caught so many mice, so he deserved()  the reward.
Some cement fell from the wall, leaving the bricks exposed() .
The broken-hearted man tears()  the photo into pieces.
Jumping off a mountain was part of his adventure() .
It's sensible()  to avoid drinking or smoking too much.
Your Majesty, can you still recall() the day you met her?
My grandfather is eighty() years old.
This car can reach a high speed() .
He is trying to shoot() te birds in the shy.
I'm seizing() this money -- I need is the most.
I hate being enclosed() int this cage.
The family tree shows everyone I'm related() to.
This pizza is oven baked() and 100% delicious.
Look eastward() to watch the sunrise.
Wow, you hit hte bullseye with three arrows()! Nice shooting!
When he tried to kiss her, she resisted().
The worker drills() into the wall.
She can't hold her tears when she chops() the onion.
In cartoon() world, everything  seems nice and cute.
Give me back my hat, said the mushroom() sadly.
I'm blind, but I can read this book using my sense() of touch.
The lady and the man hold contrary() views.
Some man-made fibers() can be used for making ropes.
We set out with enough provisions() to last the trip.
The light is very dim(), I can's see who it is.
I'll commit suicide() if you don't feed me fish!
You should take the initiative() and go fitst.
The building collapsed() after the earthquake.
The detecttive is looking for a clue() to help him find the criminal.
Little George is the youngest prince([prɪns]n. 王子) of the United Kingdom.
Fishing is my hobby(['hɑbi]n. 业余爱好), so I often go to the lake on weekends.
We invited the mayor() to the ribbon-cutting ceremony.
The thivkness() of the wall is 6cm.
he planned to make an apology() by giving a gift to his girlfriend.
After their retired, my grandparents received a pension() every month.
A Swiss Army knife contains many different useful() tools.
She has so many vivid facial expressions().
He brought three glasses of water on a tray().
Applications in smart phones have enriched() our life.
Butcher()'s job ismainly cutting and selling meat.
IS this question true or false()?
Mom often helps me with my learning().
The doctor will show you how to use the mobile() phone.
I've collected all the writings() of Shakespeare.
our ancestor() looked kind of like monkeys.
This bug cup can hold a pint() of beer.
Finally they all reached an accord() about what the tready should say.
Wow, what a huge appetite() you have!
Adverb() can be uesd to modify verbs.
The barn() was full of grains -- what a rich harvest!
The dog uses an umbrella() to block the sun.
They pray and read the Bible because of their religious() beliefs.
The bird's nest is the most famous stadium() in Beijing.
These statistics() can help analyze the stock market.
We use tractors() to farm.
You can measure the breadth() of the room with this measuring tool.
This necklace is made id beautiful jewels().
I bought insurance() for my car.
The paper is covered with many small dots().
The US embassy() in the U.K. is located in London.
I like the white sheet() since it looks clean.
He was very good with monetary() matters and always saved his money.
I speculate() the trend of foreign exchange market to make money.
Violet() is a kind of purple flower.
I canceled() my shopping order.
Yes! I hit the target(), right in the center!
The constant() noise from the construction site makes me crazy.
This chart() shows taht our annual sales have continued to rise.
Although I failed the exam, I believe that I will make it sometime().
Stop smoking! It will have a bad influence() on your kid.
The garbage truck dumps() its garbage in the dump yard.
he used a wise strategy() in the battle.
She would suffer() from intense pain every month.
Plants thrive() if they get enough sunlight.
my favorite sport is soccer().
The Beatles's live band() performance fascinated their fans.
You can change the language of the phone in the setting() menu.
This girl belongs() to me! he said. 
She exercises everyday, thus has managed to lose some weight.
He gave a statement() to the news reporters.
From the top of the mountain I could see the entire valley() below.
The destination() of their jounery is the west.
Abstract() art doesn't look like anything.
Our homework burden() is too heavey.
The poor woman became a widow() after her husband's death.
It's typical() for many Japanese to eat rice this way.
She is so calm() although the endless work bothers her.
The USA is comprised() of 50 states.
Sixteen ounces() equal to one pound.
My new briefcase() is black.
Gradually robots have replace factory workers.
The village's surroundings() are mostly forests and greenlands.
Simple addition() is the easiest part of math class.
The helpful librarian helped me find the books I needed.
The girl had an argument() with her boyfriend about the video game.
Farmers rely on agriculture() for their living.
The boy made an inference() about love.
I'm so unfortunate() -- why does it only rain on me?
Transistor() are small but necessary to make computers.
The singer is good at both vocal and facial expressions!
The stroke() of the his club sent the ball flying high in the air.
The laboring people are honorable().
It's too bad that the Titanic hit that iceberg().
The pattern() consists of many different colored triangles.
The chart showed that we were making progress(), selling more every year.
Everyone was feeling upset, except() for one guy.
There were five candles on his fifth() birthday.
Do not enter! This is Mr. Dog;s private() property.
He brought special equipment() to fix the water leak.
The city has a port() where you can dock your boat.
This sack is made of coarse() cloth.
The toy almost choked() the baby to death.
The baby is still innocent() -- he knows nothing of the evils of the world.
He bumped into a wall and lost consciousness().
Sometimes I eat instant noodles for convenience().
The cat leaves some scratch() on the wall.
The clumsy() man fell dow the staurs and hurt himself.
The car is yours() now -- drice safe!
Five minus() two is three.
As a doctor, I keep my medical kit() with me at all times.
The teacher is strict() during the exam.
The high density() of buildings makes the city so crowded.
She consults() her doctor to find out what she should do about the pain.
This advertisement() is to promote a new product.
Only a few columns() of the old building are still standing.
After I finished the course they gave me a certificate().
We must take the elevator() to get to the second floor.
She is analyzing() the company's monthly finances.
I have a photogragh with the sea in the background().
The possibility() That I pick the black ball is fifty percent.
They greet each other out of manners, since they are just acquaintance().
Thank you ! I truly() love the flowers you sent me.
This is a picture of us when we traveled abroad().
I'm wondering who taught this guy mathematics().
It's very insulting to call a black peoeson "Negro()".
Strike() the ball flat and hard to knock it out of the stadium.
Plants need sunlight for growth().

Walking a tightrope requires extreme stability().
Intense pressure results in psychological() problems of the poor man.
The outlook() over the mountains is very grand.
The police car turned on the alarm() as it passed.
Here is my card(). It has my phone number and email on it.
Death has broken 4 Stark family members altogether().
We can use these racks() to hang our clothes.
On this diet, you can only eat a very limited() amount of food.
A bicycle consists() of many parts.
Over time, houses were built further up the hillside().
The chamber() has enough seats for a meeting.
Putting a bulb() in your mouth may seem fun, but it probably isn't too smart.
During the job interview(), the man seemed nervous.
To return the money you found or nor, it's a moral() dilemma.
"Attitude is everything" is a  common phrase().
If you sow() the seeds, they will grow into crops.
I looked in the mirror() and saw my face.
I enjoy working with my peers(); we all understand each other.
Even though I'm a mechanic(), I still can't fix this car!
Giving blood is 100% voluntary(); noboby will force you to do it.
No, I don't live here, I'm just a transient() visitor.
She said the taste of the chocolate is as smooth() as silk. Give me some!
The beautiful model made a sexy pose() for the camera.
After much consideration, the employee resigned() from his job.
The lower part of the jaw() is highlight in blue.
I love it when you roast() the chicken like that.
The plane took off from Terminal() A.
The tractor is slowly driving on the trash() filed.
That politician is a liar()! Don't believe him!
The women is cutting her own bangs().
You have to visit Times Square() when you get to New York.
It's a tradition() to give lucky money to kids during Spring Festival.
These medals are the symbel of honor().
The bridge's span() is about half a kilometer.
The general was admired() for his brilliant feat in battle.
The local() people have their own clothing and culture.
I got my nine gifts on my ninth() birthday.
The contest() is so fierce that we can't tell the winner now.
look! The three rats() are waving to us.
Many types of stocks() are displayed on the large screen.
She and her father were fishing in the pond().
My hut() is at the foot of the snow mountain.
The girls are sitting on the ground drawing() pictures.
I like the smell() of folwers.
The leaves were covered with frost().
My breath smells terrible. I need some gum().
She puts those files() ont the dest.
We wear masks as a precaution() agains catching a cold.
They are fighting over the copyright() of that moon logo.
He cut himself and created a bloody() mess.
There are so many new structures() going up.
As a good wife, she iron() the shirts for her husband every day.
I can deal with the scrape() on my knee by myself.
Always use a crosswalk when you cross() the road.
I attended the conference() t learn from other people.
We are going to stay at my parent's lodge() in the mountains.
Watch out! The gas tank is going to explode()!
During the festival(), everyone dresses up and parties.
The businessman was on a quest() to make money.
He had to resort() to sell his house because of the high medical costs.
I use a pencil() to do math.
Her lips() are the most beautifaul part of her face.
The cat was in panic() before the kick was taken.
They ware really sad during their father's funeral().
Sulphur(), the chemical, exists in different forms.
Hell() is the place where the devils lives.
He is digging() a grave for himself with a shovel.
While youngsters enjoy extreme() sports, old people think it's courting death.
After the trial(), the judge found the prisoner guilty.
Do you know the optimum() temperature for the fish?
This stopwatch shows that a quarter() of a minute has passed.
[According to](根据) the law, you are guilty(['ɡɪlti]).
There are so many switches() in your home!
We have to pay a tax() on all of our sales.
I'm afraid of flying, so I usually use the railroad() to travel.
The government minister() gives a speech.
On yes! I responded() when the cute girl asked if I wanted a candy.
The swimming pool is only one meter() deep, so don't jump in.
He embarrassed([ɪm'bærəs]使困窘) himself by farting([fɑːt]) in front of a lady. [fart: 放屁]
Why would you risk() you safety like that?
The man compose() new songs on his keyboard.
Paris is a good place to buy luxury() goods.
Lord Bao receives a gift in reward() for his hard work.
The sky() is blue, I feel blue, and my life is blue.
The two men conversely([kən'vɝslɪ]相反地) thought about the water in the glass.
They demonstrated the proper way to split() legs.
Sometimes a single individual() can change everything.
Miss bear disguised() herself as a panda by wearing black stockings.
They devote([dɪ'vot]致力于；奉献) all their love to Christianity([,kristi'ænəti]). [Christianity:基督教]
He is the dominant() one in the relationship.
It's so cute when my dog gives me its paw() for a high-five.
Excessive([ɪkˈsɛsɪv]过多的) food intake(摄取量) made the cat overweight.
Yes sir, I'll be there immediately().
Superman has all kinds of super powers, like flying and super() strength!
All sectors() of the economy are vital to the continued prosperity of our people.
The forecast() shows that things are going up!
My coworkers told me that I did, indeed(), do a good job.
I always look for a sale tag() to get a lower price.
The man cut off a branch() from the tree.
We advertise(['ædvɚtaɪz]做广告) our company on TV to make it well-known.
This old car has already been rusted().
They're too fat to walk properly so they roll().
There is only one food on his favorite() food list
Ming got his monthly allowance() with delight.
I didn't read the story; I only saw the headline().
I have to keep up with my monthly() house payments.
These channels() are the most popular ones on televisoin.
Drinking too much alcohol(['ælkəhɔl] 酒精，乙醇) gave the man a headache.
Buying tomatoes in bulk() is more economical than buying in small quanttities.
My twin() brother and I get along very well.
She spread some jam() on the bread.
Father, I'm here to confess([kən'fɛs] 承认；忏悔) all mu sins.
He helped her off the bus out of courtesy().
The sun() is going down.
The store keeps a large reserve in case prices suddenly go higher.
Oh dear! Look at that big red stain() on his shirt.
My mate() and I can lie in bed together for hours.
They are preparing([prɪ'pɛr]准备；使适合；装备；起草) to launch the poor guy into the sky.
She's making a comprehensive() consideration of all her option.
I'm lucky I have this shield to provide some defense().
What a glorious(['ɡlɔriəs]光荣的；辉煌的；极好的) sunset<日落，傍晚>!
He announced([ə'naʊns]宣布；述说；预示；播报) the birth of his child on his WeChat.
My bluetooth phone can exchange information with any similar phone that is nearby().
In ancient times fighters rode horses into combat().
Industrial() activity is good for the economy, but sometimes bad for the enviroment.
These engagement rings are made of silver().
The label() tells the detailed information of the clothes.
The girl managed to restrain([rɪ'stren]控制；约束；制止) her anger.
I am confined() to my jail cell.
I suppose() I should probably find a part-time job.
Do I still look good with y lips swelling() up?
Gay() people alse have the right to love.
I feel a chill() coming on. The temperature us set too low.
My teacher advised([əd'vaɪz]建议；忠告；通知；警告) me to use the APP when I failed the English exam.
He published(['pʌblɪʃ]出版；发表；公布) an article about the app in The Times.

The state Health Care Commission() meets once every month to set policy.
The mummy is helping to bind() each other with the bandage.
Electronic devices such as telephones are universal() now.
He lifts us up easily with his powerful() arms.
My dormitory() is clean and tidy.

Taking a cab() to get there will be quicker.
Commercial() businesses make a lot of money.
The sea bird skims() the water's surface for a fish.
The leading() cyclist was starting to pull away from the rest.
The artist made a pattern of blue spots() on the white wall.
The mouse and keyboard are input() devices.
Bottles with this sign usually contain([kən'ten]包含；控制；容纳；牵制（敌军）) poison<['pɔɪzn]>.
Only one in four people know the correct() answer to the question.
I beat() the meat flat so we can make hamburgers.
The rain ceased() and the rainbow showed up.
This experiment demonstrates(['dɛmən'stret]证明；展示；论证) the chemical<['kɛmɪkl]> principle<['prɪnsəpl]> we are discussing.

I like using a calculator to compute().
Taxes are too high; I can't handle the strain().
And, finally, The puzzle is complete().
Please forgive me! I beg you!
They build shelters() from ice to keep themselves warm.
He was awarded a medal on the merit() of his bravvery.
The doctor passed the prescription() to the patient.
Delegates() from both netions signed the peace agreement.
Jazz() music has become popular all over the world.
Our teacher assigns() us some homework.
We make a promise() by pulling each other's litter finger.
Is the water in the swimming pool deep enough to dive() into?
He has organized a public rally().
The boxer punched his opponent() severely!
Hot pot and Mahjong are essential() components of SiChuan culture.
He got accustomed() to the food after 10 years of living here.
They had a dispute() over who should be his dance partner.
The shape of the bush() looks like a ball.
When you get lost outdoors, you can use a compass().
He is such a fool() that he can't answer this question.
We have the right to elect() our government.
"Please be careful when you drop the anchor()!", the shark shouted.
Pedestrian() should cross the road through the zebra crossing.
I can't believe I won the award() for best actress.
The boys venture() deep into the forest.
She is a good housewife(). She always stays home to cook and clean.
The suspect() was body-searched by a policeman.
What a good fortune()! I won the first prize.
Pandas are hard to find because they're so rare().
I took my phone out of my pocket().
The movies starts in 10 minutes, in the meantimes(), let's go get some popcorn.
The lane extended() for a few miles.
We have to be at work by ten o'clock(), so I'm already a few minutes late.
Scan() the code to get further information.
I sentence() you to a year in prison!
People play different roles in their lifetime().
The protesters blocked() the street.
He gave a lecture() in front of many people.
We kept the campfire burning overnight().
The athlete was carrying the Olympic torch().
This is just the draft() design of a building.
"I have a parcel() for you," said the mailman.
He looks like a tough() guy -- you don't want to fight with him.
The cake was cut and beer was served on the occasion().
The solar() ennegy is collected to generate electricity.
Our textile() factory sells many different types of cloth.
Those two lambs() are so cute!.
She kept smoking although([ɔl'ðo]conj. 尽管；虽然；但是；然而) she was pregnant.
The coach blew the whistle() to end the game.
People from different cultures() usually have different ways of greeting each other.
He looked very grave() when he heard the bad news.
Mommy, I want the doll with the butterfly wings()!
The cook used many different kinds of peppers() in his recipe.
The soldiers fought really hard in the battle().
Nowadays(), phones are more advanced than this brick.
The right side of theis photo frame is somewhat() lower than the left.
I need to buy some bullet() for my gun.
Each packet() of sauce will flavor one meat!
I took my daughter to the grocery store() to buy some food.
The dog is chained() up so as not to hurt people.
Dairy() foods contain lots of calcium.
We're runing in circles()!
The policeman is detecting() the crime scene.
This powerful man's political ambition() was to unify the three kingdoms.

Whoever([hʊ'ɛvɚ]pron. 无论谁) is taller than me must sit down!
The little girl really likes her dolls().
The waiter servered() us the best wine.
I'm eating a bigger burger because U'm bigger! It's proportional() to my weight.
The lady feels sympathetic() towards the beggar, so she gives him money.
It's the boy's twelfth() birthday, which means he's arriving at puberty.
I am a big fan of domestic() products.
Prior() to crossing roads, the school bus goes first.
Pulling a rabbit out of a hat is the most classic magic() trick.
She enjoys herself by reading novels().
She wears a pair of yellow trousers().
There's a lot of thinking() going on in his young brain.
The freight() train transports the goods.
He faces any sitiation with a positive() atitude.
"We promiss to deliver() mail as soon as possible."said the postman.
How thick a rope() do we need?
The can was crushed() and put into the recycling bin.
I want to travl everywhere() in the world.
I use() a pencil to draw a picture.
You'll get lots of points if you hit the center() of the target.
The man has a lot of tension() from working too hard.
She directly rejected() marrying him.
My grandmother has a full head of gray() hair.
The trees were fading() away into the msit.
Turn the handle() to open the door.
I drive at the utmost() speed; it is so fast.
Exercise() is the key to good health.
He is editing() the film right now. He'll edit out the unnecessary parts of tje film.
Once upon a time, there was a king ruling() the country.
Don't listen to her -- she's beautiful, but she's evil()!
The student union recruits() new members every years.
There's no one drinking in the bar(); it's too early.
With such efficiency of carrying bricks(), I'll get rich ssoon!
Mr. Banana feels so shy as I strip() it naked.
"Look, I can spin() hte basketball on my finger!" said the litter girl.

He looked at his phone and screamed().
The roof of hte house is made of tiles().
I love winter because I can ski() when it snows.
I'm a loyal user() of Apple products.
Today() is the day for me to pay my taxes.
This monument() of christ is located in Rio de Janeiro.
This chart can be devided into six sections() of different sizes.
He made a huge amount() of money.
The preliminary() drawings of the building are already finished.
She is lying in the sun with bare foot().
My boss has appointed() me to manage this project.

He couldn't reach the soap since he's too fat to stoop().
Submarine() travel underwater and attack enemy ships.
Leave me alone! I'm trying to write a program() on the computer!
The house went up in flames(); we lost everything.
They set one man apart() from the rest.
She was taking whilst([waɪlst]conj. 同时) driving.
The music is stored in the disc().
Steam() is coming frome the pot. Turn off the stove!
Water flows from the tap().
As the water boils() it gives off steam.

The two rivals() compete to see who's better.
What really disgust() me isn't one, but a half worm in an apple.
You must go through the security() check at the airport.
The score() is 30 to 40.
These pill will cure() you sickness.
The function() of our digestive system is to feed us and keep us alive.
He's waving the British() flag.
Different sizes if brush() may be applied int different situations.
An ordinary man may also make a heroic() move.
All of us are living on earth as a community().
Mum said I was the freebie from a bundle() sale.
Our viliage was totally ruined() by hte UFO lasers.
Her friends comment() on her post.
There is a disease() spreading around the office.
Could you blow some air() into the balloons?
As an intellectual(), I write poetry anytime.
Passive() smoking causes great harm to children and pregnant women.
Money has great appeal() to most people.

Let's get out of here! The bomb() will go off in three seconds!
This office worker is also an amateur() soccer player.
The beer bottle broke into many fragment().
The quality() of this spoon is terrible!
Our scheme() for the next game is a 4-4-2 formation.
The boss was angry and dismissed() the employee.
The soldier would sacrifice() his life to save others in the war.
The parents take their kids playing outdoors().
At dawn(), the sun rises over the mountain.
The lamp was suspended() from the ceiling.
You have to pay the toll() if you ride the highway.
A misty fog() floats above the trees.
Missiles() are used to attack enemies from a long distance.
He is conducting() an orchestra.
The knight fights with a sword and shield().
The little girl is the only witness() of this accident.

Hooray! My ball's going into the hole()!
Here's a present -- I even tied a ribbon() around it.
The man is going to pump() some water.
There are ghosts in movies and stories, but I don't think they are real.
"Junior" means young or younger.
Could you check my spelling() of that word?
These purple flowers bloom() in spring.
There are tens of thousands of different species() of birds.
No words could express my regret() when she was gone.
Computers run on binary code().
Can you see the tiny cells()?
It's unknown() where the flying object came from.
The family creats an education fund() for their baby.
They come from two different areas, so they speak different dialect().
The anti-virus software secure() our computers.
Food van() on the street have the cheapest and best food.

Morning exercises benefit() old people.
This is the motor() of the four-wheel drive.
The doctor showed me an X-ray() of my broken hip.
Our manager wants us to feel pride() in the quality of our work.
Look! A little girl is hiding behind the curtain()!
Not agian -- I hate having to brake() my car for cows.
I hope someone finds my message in this bottle().
The month is over, so it's time to flip to the next month on the calendar().
In modern society, WiFi is the most fundamental() need.
Check all you receipts() when you do your taxes.
This digital() stopwatch is very precise.
It's so pleasant to rest here in the shade() of the tree!

The wit() of that little boy fascinates us!
The cows are hungry -- bring them some hay() to eat.
"I finally got this bag!" she yelled with delight().
He swam to the shore().
How much will it cost to repair() my car?
He has recovered() well from his foot injury.
I love to eat all kinds of candy().
If you want to hit the target, you will have to concentrate() and focus.
Each lock has its own corresponding() key.
I'll need a sample() of your blood to see if you're sick.
I'll push the nail in by means() of this hammer.
This superhero runs as fast as lightning().
The gross() cost for all these things is very high.
He checks out the document() before signing it.
The little boy went backword() on the beach.
Bats() hang themselves upside down when they sleep.
The women chat() casually about their lives
Baicizhan is a perfect() English study application.
"Thanks to all the sponsors() for the support!" said the host.
The guard() stood outside and defended the palace gates.
The interior() furnishing of the living room is very delicate.
The school is surrounded by a large fence().

The little guy shows his talent at playing the drum().
The egg shell() broken in half.

My mouth watered when the waiter took the lid() off the plate.
Our oil supply() comes from this pipe.
The hands of the farmer are tough().
Jack Ma is an outstanding() example of enterpreneurs.
A smart phone is the most up-to-date() way to get important information.
It requires cooperative() efforts to beat the red team.
These tubes() are made of steel.
I donate() blood to help those who need it.
Buddha was a divine() soul who spread the message of love and peace.
Please pass me a fork() for my salad.
Mom really made a fuss() when I broke an egg.
Taking these supplements() makes you more beautiful.
The agent invite() us in to have a look at the house.
The prospective() King is trying on his father's outfit.
Don't touch these wires, They'll give you an electric() shock.
I have always wanted to play music on the guitar().
We should drink more mineral() water -- it's good for our health.

The harbor() contains so many boats.
I want to got to the band's concert() so much! I LOVE their music.
The two windows are surrounded() by green leaves.
I want a new, flat screen computer monitor().
The design if her ring() is very interesting and uique.
Use a spoon to stir() the coffee before you drink it.
Spread() the butter evenly to all parts of the bread.
I like painting with red() paint, because red is a lucky color.
Mr. Bao is very nervous because the following() performance will be his solo.
The nurses wear white uniform() when they work.
When the leaf is seen up close, you can see a lot of fine details().
In a show of support they all began to clap() their hands.
The hare decides to take a rest, meanwhile(), the tortoise kept moving.
"Help me, I'm drowning()!" he shouted as he sank under the water.
When he took his mask() off, I saw that he looked very defferent.

The wedding was very fancy(), there ware flowers everywhere.
I love to watch builders mixing concrete().
The cheetah is the swift() land animal.
We pay our rents() to the house owner every month.
The child dreads() the ghost so much that he couldn't fall asleep.
The old lady is trying to bargain() with the paddler.
Reading so many graphs() really exhausted me!

The cat attempts() to catch that fish!
I fell downward() though the air, hoping my parachute would open.
Driving down the dirt road so fast created a lot of dust().
I need to be more healthy, so would favor() an apple over a burger.
We made a loop() out of rope foe future use.
In winter, I perfer shirts with long sleeve().
I measure  out a single dose() of the medicine for the patient.
The stock index rises and falls all the time. Invest cautiously.
It was a high stakes() poker game.
I like this toy(); It can be used to scare others.
Notwithstanding() the snow, the girl is still selling the matches.
Under his leadership, they made it to the top!
I'm having trouble digesting() all this spicy food.
As the chief() of the team, the male lion can have many mates.
He annoys me by talking all the time.
This room is an absolute() mess.
The lion let out a mighty roar().
This photo was taken when I went sightseeing() in Paris.
The waves() are washing off the drawing on the beach.

My hard hat is so rigid() that even a Nokia phone can't crack it!
You are my beloved().
Instant coffee is soluble() in hot water.

I'm so prosperous() that mt bed is made of solid gold.
The raw sewage drains() into the river.
Help! I'm lost amid() all the colored balls!
I could hear the couple's quarrel() from the other room.
She used cream on her cheeks() to take care of her skin.
There are different kinds of electrical component().
The new bulb is the replacement() of the old one.
Sichuan has consumed() a great amount of chili.
She cannot control her anger().
Violent warfare() is taking place in this area.
Your notepad is blank(); write some notes about the meeting!.
This is an academy() for soldiers to train.
Many people came to support the president's campaign().

An orphan faces a life of great hardship().
He's not really() good at shooting arrows.
Even today, the humen race continues to evolve().
The guitar is a musical() instrument which is hard to learn.
The giraffes rest by the tree at sunset().
It's probable() to win in gambling if you are good enough at maths.
The homeless refugee() girl is deep in sorrow.
American gained its independence() from Britain in 1776.
Family members have a strong bond(). You can never tear them apart.
The patient finally became conscious() after the operation.
The convict() is in prison for some pretty terrible crimes.
This vast() desert looks impossible to pass.
The gilr puts the notice() on the board.
We took an excursion() into the forest.
The soldiers are marching foward in an ordlerly() way.
The fruit merchant() gave me a good price on his tomatoes.
I'll be your waiter() tonight -- may I recommend the fish?
Cities near the ocean often face the rish of hurricane().
"All of my menoy is gone!" the man cried in dispair().
She is an excellent student so she gets the scholarship() event year.
"Ouch -- my back is so stiff()!" the athlete complained.
Holland has an abundant() supply of tulips.

If you're in my zone(), you have to listen to me!
They are whiper() as they are talking about gossips.
The green light allows() you to go.
Don't make me read that thick() book - I only read thin one.
The oven's output() is 48 loaves per hours.
The vacuum cleaner helps me to get git of the dirt().
The nuclear bomb went off and created a massive() mushroom cloud.
From the outset() of the race, the man was ahead.
As a medical() doctor, I work mainly with sick people.
As a nurse, I love to work closely with my patients().
Soda() water is good for your health.
They gave me an American visa, so I now have permission() to travel there.
Eating spinach will enhance() his power!
The water surge() over the road.
A farmer uses a spade() to remove soil easily.

The green light allows() you to go.
Those two fellows() are celebrating their success.
The federal() level of government is responsible for the whole country.
He wrote down a topic() for us to discuss.
It's rude to talk on the phone during() dinner.
My college professor() really enjoys teaching.
The water is pure() enough to drink from the tap.
In some families they say a prayer() together before each meal.
I'm blind(), but my dog can see for me.
This guy particularly() likes eating meat!
She prayed with an earnest() look on her face.
She held her baby to her breast() to give some milk.
My childhood() was a happy and innocent time! I was lucky.
We should protect the atmosphere() of the earth to reduce global warming.
She expressed her desire for the cookie by implication().
It's fortunate() to find a four-leave clover.
Be careful around the hot furnace().
The water is starting to evaporate().
The arrival of this man was timely().
Those who attended the seminar() learnt a lot.
Raising his forefinger(), he began to give instructions to the team.
The city handles trash disposal() for us.
Mary is reading a bedtime story() to her kids.
Once and for all, it's time to quit() smoking.
The bay() cuts into the land and makes a perfect place to go swimming.
I torture() my husband to dig out who Jingjing is!
Primitive() men made fire by themselves since they had no electricity.
Now, I'll apply() some cream to your face.
They are considering how to create a new compound().
You should wear something proper() when having an interview.
The kitten raises() his friend up to steal the fish.

It's a bird sitting on the wire().
A detective() must know how to see through prople's lies.
I climbed up the ladder() to change the light bulb.
Nowadays most long-distance travel is by jet() plane.
When I camp in the mountains, I alway wear hiking boots().
Increasingly(), we're making out money in the China market.
The City was hit by extensive() flooding.
My mom bothers me on a frequent() basis.
He finished his homework in advance().
I have prepared sufficient() pancakes for my daughter.
I went on a trip with ten() of my friends.
Many people are fond of Italian() food.
Watch out - if you mix those chemicals() togather they will explode!
The author spend hours at his typewriter().
The cator enjoys fame() and loves the attention it brings him.

The tide() comes in, and the water sprays over the rocks.
This safe is very solid().
I hope our sales show some improvement() soon.
Watch out - the valcano() is erupting!
Crocodiles are vicious() animals, Stay away from them if you can.
Our company() has a new office building.
They give twenty() percent discount for online payment. Take out you phone.
I work downtown() but I live outside the city.
The court will make fair judgments().
A dog that doesn't eat its own poop is worthy() of praise!
People of all nationalities() come togather for the Olympic Games.
Some people had a prejudice() againse black people in the past.
Admit your mistakes to God, and repent()!
The friction() heats up the wood and starts a fire.
Thanks to all of you for making a contribution() to our charity.
You should expect a lot of criticism() when starting a new job.

In our culture, It's a custom() to wear these special bracelets.
If we cooperate(), we will get the job done more quickly.
Let me tell you a secret() about uncle Jack.
The girl has a lot of defiance() in her!
The student is very polite() to his teacher.
This news really amazes() me!
My husbanf likes to rouse() me with a gentle touch in the morning.
Oh no, I've spilled() the green nail polish.
The nurse will assist() you in walking to your car.
Mom put a pot of soup into the refigerator().
They went on a mountain expedition().
The university's sports meeting is a very popular event().
The grandparents spoil() their grandchild by doing everything for him.
Why do you give me stale() oranges to eat?
We need to move farther() to reach the destination.
The tune() of the song is wonderful.
As soon as we meet, there was an instant attraction() between us.
The scales() of justice never lie.

The rapper used his fluent() English to complete the freestyle.
Just surrender(); don't try to fight back.
Working hard in the gymnasium() keeps us fit.
If I can't increase sales, I'll be a failure()!
The musical genius() was a composer even in childhood.
The living condition() here are really poor.
The declaration() states that the US is an independent country.
She was really upset() after her presentation to the class didn't go well.
This Western saddle() is comfortable when I have to ride all day.
She showed me the flower in her palm().
You can hear a humming sound coming from the transformer() at the power plant.
A cube() is a three dimensional square.
Accessibility facilities() help improve the living standard of the disabled.
In an election(), we decide who our leaders will be.
I drop off my kids at the nursery() before I go to work.
The format() of the newspaper is well arranged.
I've never stoped my pursuit() of money.
He is always modest() about his excellent.
The two engineer() are discussing their new building plans.
The main characteristic() of an elephant is its long trunk.
The man is willing() to be at his boss's service.
These pipes() are made of plastic, so they are very light.
These two senators() met each other in front of the while house.
No~~ don't drag() me in. You can't do this to me!
The final score brought me great dishonour()!
We burn these for our ancestors in the spitit() world.
The angry villagers are rioting() in the street.
25 substrcted() from 100 is 75.
Biology() is the study of life.
I decided to ware a western() style wedding dress.
The origin() of mankind is still mysterious, but we think our ancestors lived in the trees.
Water is vital() for life.
The typhoon caused much destruction(), knocking over trees and damaging houses.
With a 90% market share, this brand totally dominates() the market.
None of the classmates konw the reason for his absence().
This city has many canals() running throught it.

The list of these books is in chronological() order.
The stone house is quite steady() under the extreme weather.
It's her job to assess() her patient's health.
I've prepared a few snacks() for you to enjoy before dinner.
Both of them were happy with their agreement.()
These pills weigh three grams().
The teacher is giving a lesson about physiological() knowledge.
Many ethnic() groups have their own contumes.
Look here girls. That's what the boy's dorm() looks like.
All the workers are trying to solve the engineering() problem.
The steep white cliff() surrounded the bay.
His laser-like() syse saw right through me.
This device will eliminate() the weeds in my garden.

She shrieked() and grabbed her hair.
My teacher gave me a lot of homework assignments() for the weekend.
Smoking is not only harmful() to yourself but also to others.
The moon changes in a predictable monthly sequence().
The two businessmen are trying to establish() links.
The offical stamp showed that my document are valid().
Wherever() you want your package to go, we can deliver it.
The builders are laying the foundation() of a building.
I've bought this entire stack() of goods through e-shopping!
My parent's expectation() sounds like a mission impossible.
We want a durable() vehicle for this rough road.
Atoms are very small particle().
We use adjectives() to describe things.
I deposit() money in my piggy bank when I can.
Look! This dragon() can breathe fire!
Cinderella's foot size is appropriate() for the glass shoe.
Can this little boy eat the whole loaf() of bread?
A student loan() helps many poor students go to college.
I bought a new piece of white furniture() to add beauty to my room.
The artist() is painting.
I want to apologize() for going to dinner with my ex-girlfriend. I'm so sorry!
This veteran() has been in many wars and received numerous honours.
I got a good grade() in the final exam!
The American Constitution is a charter() that outlines a system of government.
Big Ben is a famous landmark in the capital() city of London.
The boy who keeps pulling the girl's hair is really a nuisance()!
I've never thought that I'd encounter() my favorite star one day!
The koala cling() to the tree.
This bottle can be filled with 2 liters() of coke.
The sailor() has been out to sea for several months.
There are several types() of dog for sale.
Please open your books to the first chapter().
These tents are just temporary() as they'll move soon.
These workmen() are busy building the house.
Could you please give a short summary() of you project?
My daddy has many handy() tools.
I'm the most loyal reader() of the newspaper.
I love classical() music.
We need a more systematic() approach to finding mistakes in our product.
The store specialize() in selling hiking gear.
"My discus is missing. Where is it?" The status wondered.
The man wears formal() clothes for the job interview.
The landspace has been altered() so much in recent years.
"Be careful, this machine has a high voltage".
I need to go to the gym() to lose some weight.
We will be driving on this road() for a while.

Mr. Bao painted the ad() on the wall to let more people know about us.
The headmaster() of the magic school is a kind old man.
The newspaper repoerted the scandal() of the police officer.
The pipe is filled with tobacco().
The girl looks at her model() house with a smile.
We have multiple() colors to choose from.
Mr. Bug won the poop-rolling game! Congratulations to the champion().
That's an odd() hat you're wearing!
He has to jump up the vertical() flagpole to get a high score.
He is skiing down the slope(), I hope he won't fall.
The cat has sharp claws().
The agent() helped us buy a new house.
The little boy wants to became a star observer() in the future.
The dog and its master() are close to each other.
He is running arround in bare() feet.
I'm fond() of having phisical contact with my masculine boyfriend.
The residents() here like to interact with each other.
Flipping a coin is an arbitrary() way to make decisions.
This man is very rude() when he is on the phone.
They spit() on the zombie, hoping it can be killed.
The plural() from of the word 'fish' is still 'fish'.
The old man financed() the poor student's education.
The memorial() of the Confucius is built to remind us of his achievements.
Will he find any gold in the mine()?
Sulfur() can be used in the production of gunpowder.
Crack open the shell to eat the nut() inside.

I love the simplicity() of the single flower floating on the water.
The little boy emits() a ray of light from his hands.
All of the media coverage() is just about the lottery winner.
I will have whichever() drink is most delisious.
The architect() imagines the house that his client wants to build.
A happy family is based on sexual() equality.
The old woman is dropping a sack() of litter into the rubbish bin.
I punish() you to kneel on the laundry board!
Cinderalla has a pair of crystal() shoes.
Lights out bu midnight()! I mean it!
The basement() is musty and has a strange smell.
His behavior() in class has improved a lot over the past month.
I took my dog to the vet to be examine().
The grand() view really amazed me.
The president is handling the political affairs().
They wear clothes of Japanese() style.
The building has a very systematic() design, with every part repeated.
It's a emergency(): get her to the hospital as soon as possible.
I won first place, and got the gold medal().
The dictionary is now in its eighth edition().
RMB is the currency() of China.
The wire on his head is used for the transmission() of signals.
For this week only, a 25% price reduction() on all our clothes!
This giant() hamburger cannot fit in my mouth, but I', so hungry I will eat is all!
That guy made a proposal() to his girlfriend with a diamond ring.
The family assembled() in the living room for a family photo.
They made a commitment() to each other at their wedding ceremony.
The fruit was plentiful() at the farmer's market.
The girl took a vacation() on the beach.
His assistant() asked him to sign the papers.
He has the power of prophecy() - he can tell the future.
Let's work together, I think we can come to some kind of settlement().
Airplanes fly all over the globe(), even over the poles.
Please give me the timetable() for the flights.
No one offered a seet to the elderly() man.
This is the proof of my ownership() of the house.
Wow, you can driver a manual() transmission car?
The water is shallow() here.

An A+ is the best possible result(). Good work!
Many people prefer brandy() to other hard liquors.
I finaly found water in the desert().
A mushroom cloud formed after the atomic() bomb went off.
The pie attracted() both Tom and Jerry.
Who is going to win this competition()?
I'll squeeze() some oranges to make orange juice.
Japanese people show respect() by bowing.
We reinforce() the strucure of the building with steel tods.
This phone is reduced() to $998 in the sale.
These mooncakes' flavours are very peculiar()!
Coffee is made from coffee bean().
This gang() of troublesome young men likes to cause trouble.
The twins always dress similarly().
The man install() a celling fan.
I exerted() all my strength to lift all the boxes.
I made a huge bet() in the game but I lost, and now I have no money.
The story was about a fairy() with butterfly wings.
It's too hot at midday(), so don't go outside.
I'm wearing my raincoat(), so I don;t have to worry about the rain.
The typist() is finishing her documents.
The man aims() at the center of the target.
She's a competent() worker and good at her job.
Car production() is a difficult and complicated process.
My puppy created a mess() after I left home.
Most of the iceberg is beneath() the surface.

Playing badminton() on the grass makes the little boy so happy.
The troops were defeated and retreated() from the battle.
He really takes good care of his sister, What a thoughtful() boy.
Ever since she started her diet, she has had a very slim() figure.
As a kick-ass astronaut(), I have a special spaceship.
The two grave robbers are exploring() a newly found tomb.
Even though a wolf() looks a bit like a dog, it is actually much more dangerous.
You can see the framework() of the building so well at the moment.
My colleagues congratulated() me on the promotion.
The spider() weaves a web to catch flies.
The boy learned math and science formula() at a young age.
My hair is quite() soft and smooth without any special effects.
The applicants() for the job are waitng outside before the interview.
The incident() of the missing flight is still mystery.
I am cutting up this cabbage() to make a salad.
You have so much prestige() and fame, I bet you're rich, too.
Different people react() differently when showna horror movie.
The management() team is having a regular meeting.
The soldier scout() the enemy in the grass.
Suddenly, the dolphin emerged() from the sea.
Compared to the island, the mainland() is much bigger.
He felt a good impression() on the interview.
This goat's horns() are very long and curly.
The United States has a republican() form of government.
My niece() is my sibling's daughter.
The proportion() shows that the females outnumber the males in the university.
Be cautious when you steer() a car.
He didn't understand her vague() words.
He compelled() me to walk forward - mostly by pulling my tie.
She uses a blue towel() to dry her hair.
These people dress differently for their different kinds of emplyment().
The village offical() is reading newspapers.
My house is worth() two hundred thousand dollars.
I feel happier on sunny() days.
The main is skilled() at dealing with all kinds of things.
The bride() is holding a bouquet of flowers.
I made a million() dollars last year!
The man in the pub() ordered a beer and a bowl of peanuts.
Press this button to go back to the previous() page.
Many people contribute() money to help people in need.
I put my cat on my luggage().
The flowers in the pot are dying() from lack of water.
The monkey's imitation() of my dance was very funny!
"I have great determination() to lost weight". said the big girl.
The diagram shows the water cycle() process.

Votind is an important civil() right.
The sun is the ultmate() source of energy.
The happy couple are standing on the front od the ship's deck().
The black plague() took thousands of livers away in the middle ages.
This grocer() is very nice, he always gives me a discount.
It's my dream to jump into a heap() of money.
I really learned a lot by discussing with my colleague().
The mum clothed() the baby.
"Should this be the standard for the perfect figure()"?
The house is under construction().
Her ideal() weight is about twenty kilos lighter.
Please fill up my car with gasoline().
The reflection() the cat saw in the mirror was not itself, but a lion.
Wow, what a muscular() body you have.
She has prepared the cooking material() for lunch.
"I have so many pretty pieces of clothing!" said the girl.
We took this picture of ourselves().
His facnt car is a symbol of his status().
She is such a superfucial() girl that she only likes his face!
The beautiful actress() loves the attention she gets from her fans.
To make the right choice(), you have to attend the lessons.
The company is performing worse() and worse.
I used a big hammer() to push in the nail.
They are desperate to reconcile() and fix their broken hearts.
The gitl's soul() leaves her body.
We saw the airplane with radar() before we could see it with our own eyes.
The worker earned() his pay after carrying so many bricks.
Who do you prefer out of these famous foreign writers()?
We found his unconscious() on the floor.

I will consider() your offer, but I think I can get a better one.
I have a very high regard() for this teacher.
There are hundreds of different dog breads().
I saw the sunrise in the eastern() sky.
The hook() is used to fish with.
The kids painted their hands every color() of the rainbow.
The logs() are put on top of each other.
The heart, brain and lungs are examples of vital organ() in the human body.
Jesus is holy() to the Christians.
I finally attained() my driving license!
An editor() checks and corrects a book's text before publication.
She smiled when a gentle breeze() blew her hair.
The worker was measuring the lumber's diameter().
The sight over the Great Wall is so spectacular()!
I grew up in a large household().
I'll have to rush() to the canteen otherwise there'll be nothing left.
The Yin-Yang is a symbol of harmony().
The wild() kid is making a big mess in the dining room.
The lavatory() in the middle is for the disabled.
Make sure not to touch the acid() - it will burn.
The kiar claimed that his medicine cam remedy() all diseases.
The two dogs are a lot alike().
I love Latin() dance! It makes me sexy and passionate!
Do you know which rabbit is the fake() one?
The 18 brass() monks are a secert weapon of Shaolin monastery.
I wear this sweater() to keep me warm.
Which one is the genuine() painting of the famous artist?
We fnally reached an understanding() about how the house would be built.
The express() train travels at over 300 kilometers per hour.
She went to church to confess her sins().
Grains() like wheat are used to make bread.
The office building has an undergroud() parking.
A consequent() effect of not sleeping is dark eye-bags.
There are many wood chips() on the table.
This merry-go-rounnd is revolving() at a high speed.
When cooking a new recipe I always refer() to the cookbook.
I'll let go of your hair provided() you let go of my leg.
The curriculum() includes math, science and English.
We export the goods overseas().
My spouse() and I have been married for many years.
These foods show a lot of variation() in color, but not in taste.

People often apply quotation() from Shakespeare.
The girl is so briliant() that she can solve the difficult question.
It looks like you were, recently(), outside in the sun.
Many people are bound() to their jobs.
The inner() core of the earth is made up of lead.
Even with an artificial() leg, he can still beat you in a race.
There is a board() hanging on the outside of the door.
Dogs are always loyal() to their owners.
I dont't think I  could climb() that mountain.
I'm looking for a good translation() of some Chinese poems.
How much is the tuition() at your university?
There is an aisle() in the center of the church.
The footprint convinces() the police that the bear is the suspect.
Helping the old is a traditional virtue() of China.
Pests() are those irritating and harmful insects.
Since I've graduated from college, my job prospects() are great.
Revolutionarise() fought against the dictatorship.
Sleep deficiency() may cause dark circles under the eyes.
She really has confidence() about how her face looks.
I have no money in my bank account().
It's wonderful to soar() in the sky like a bird.
I spend too much money on clothes!
You're never too old to discover your artistic() side.
"Here, doggy, fetch!" I shouted as I threw the ball.
"I'm so worried!" She shouted in obvious distress().
The toilet is for the mother and baby exclusively().
These ethnic minorities() wear colorful clothes.
My weight has reached the maximum()! Oh not!
This purse() can hold a lot of change.
Which kind of flavour is more delicious? There was controversy() over the result!
Look at that colorful rainbow() in the sky.
Old people liked to play mah-jong for recreation().
Water was nowhere() to be found.
The Pacific() Ocean is the biggest ocean in the world.
He was very gentle() and gave me his coat.
Their actions were friendly, but in realtiy() they hated each other.
Luckily, this kind of shoe is waterproof().
The worker is getting rid of the weed().
The rock was formed b erosion() over millions of years.
Everytime I eat bread, I always leave the crust().
I like to relax and enjo a little liquor() after work.
We live to the southwest() of out school.
I wonder what could be in the package().
Many civilians() joined the protests against the army.

This group of lads() all have a different style.
The Egyptian civilization() lasted for thousands of years.
The salesman displayed() the latest laptop.
Shopping always excites() girls.
My mother's suffering() is intense - her back really hurts.
The strings are made of nylon().
Somking can cause() lung cancer.
Good communication can build a bridge of mutual() understanding.
The employee() felt very happy when his boss prised him.
Doves are the symbol() of peace.
In our organization(), everyone takes orders from me. Is that clear?
My wife's complaints() are usually about me.
We'll use the thermometer() to see if you have a fever.
My joints() hurt from all this running!
Let me check() that our blood pressure is OK.
You can get a brief idea of a book from the table of contents().
Sweet corn() tastes best eaten with salt and butter.
My cat sank into a deep depression() since I had a boyfriend.
This is a portrait() of a powerful 17th century nobleman.
Communist() hope to create an equal society.
Navigation() can be done using a map, the stars, or GPS.
Many people are affected() by the air pollution in winter.
Her tears are full of sorrow().
I think the likehood() that I will find love eventually is very high.
I followed a trail() through the filed.
I perform my workout on the mat().
A little cat is sleeping in the old lady's lap().
I'd like to have some dessert() with a cup of tea after dinner.
I deserved a satisfactory() service at the barber shop.
My fitness coach() teaches me how to exercise.
He uses scissors() to cut his hair.
The balloons are fully with hydrogen() in order to ascend to the air.
We get to know how fast we are from the speed gauge().
The company does a survey() to collect to collect users' opinions.
Geometry() is my least favorite subject - I hate it!
This ia an expensive residential() area.
The fierce() dog is chasing the little yellow guy!
My secretary() helped me with mu email.
The fact that he's having an affair with someone has becone evident().
I realized() my mistake too late.
The boastful man is explaining his theory() on how to attract girls.
The eye doctor said that my vision() is excellent.
Unfortunately(), It's supposed to rain all weekend.
The cat is alert() when guarding its fish.

Social media and the internet made world-wide() communication very simple.
Oh, no! I think we are struck in the mud()!
He clicked() the mouse to open the file.
He is one of the most famous rap() singers in China.
The users of this product are largely() female.
I did a comparative() study of which kind of car uses the least fuel, and decided on the smallest car.
It was my fate() to marry him.
The premature() baby was born one month early.
The birds finally get their freedom()! There are flying out of the cage!
We forbid() smoking in the restaurant.
Religious people get their sense of morality() - what's right and wrong - from their religious books.
The dog was reluctant() to take a bath.
My cat was totally shocked() by the big surrprise!
Our company created a virtual() store on the internet.
That aircraft() has no polit flying it!
What a surrprise! The best student is absent() from school.
Now that I have enough money, it's time to buy some property().
Many factories let out gaseous() waste.
The belt conveys() the luggages() out.
The college campus() is a great place for dating.
He bowed to show his sincere() thanks to the doctor.
"I'm so angry!" shouted the woman with rage() in her voice.
Dictators always cause people to revolt().
Coal burns so easily because it contains lots of carbon().
Did you see the whale() jump out of the sea?
The cat is stretching() its body.
It's so convenient()! You can buy things here at any time.
I have to enduce() a bunch of weird smells on my way to work.
The blow to her head was strong enough to render() her unconscious.
Look! A mass() of minions are coming.
Please don't cut is all off; I just want a short trim().
It's not a serious injury, but merely() a cut.
Every autumn we have to enroll() in classes.
How elegant() the ballet dancer is!
The collar() of this shirt is too tight.
My boyfrienf always tries his best to console() me when I'm upset.
Our nursery offers a seletion() of spring flowers of many different colors.
That lighting effect() makes the stage look mysterious.
Representatives() from different countries attended the assembly() of the UN.
If you go to New York, you should see the Status of Liberty().
The new trend() is for girls to wear very colorful colthing.

It would be beneficial() for you to go to outside every once in a while.
This is just a brief sketch() of what I think the machine should look like.
The two characters() are created to be different in presonality.
We have a regular() meeting on every Monday morning.
Online() shopping provides a more convenient way of shopping.
I found a pot() of gold coins.
We spent a wonderful day at the beach().
The singer bowed() to us after the show.
The helicopter() is flying over the sea.
These workers are the labor() force int this factory.
I like to read magazines() about fashion and celebrities.
I chose five particular() people out of the crowd.
The delicious pizza satisfied() that boy.
The boats are tied up along the dock().
This is a serious problem; only surgery() can fix it.
I love sleeping with soft pillows().
That boy admitted() that he broke the vase.
Sometimes people have to depend() on others for help.
Silicon() is a chemical element and its chemical symbol is "Si".
In a democratic() country, the people choose their leaders by voting.
Drunk drivers are a hazard() on the road.
Yeast() is what makes bread rise.
The cars in the traffic jam are stationary().
Santa is famous for his big white beard().
This dog is condemned() for its bad behavior.
I keep my horses in this stable().
It's easy to distinguish() the black duck from the yellow ones.
I'm always punctual(); I'm never late for work.
I'm uneasy() about my husband's health - I hope he recovers soon.
The common forms of transportation() include bus, plane, ship and train.
It's better to use a credit() card than to carry cash.
I shot the bird with my refle().
No, I did not copy the design, this is my own creation().
The robber escaped and left the victim() lying on the street.
The mirror has a pleasing oval() shape.
He made a decisive() shot to help the team win at the last moment.
Let me share the method() of taking a selfie with you guys.
I buy novels in paperback() because they're cheaper than hardback.
That dog's loyalty() should be acclaimed.
My mom is really worried about the wrinkles() that are forming around her eyes.
A theif just robbed() her in the park.
We're getting married() today! We are so happy!
The princess in that movie was very charming().
The boat is drifting() down the river.
Class fund is collective() property. It needs everybody to contribute.
"Nice shot()!" I said as he hit the ball.
The receptionist told me that there was only one room avaliable().
It's so noisy() outside, I can't stand this kind of environment.

This pathetic bird is going to be executed() by the cruel hunter.
I love to sit by the river and watch the water flow() by.
Even though she can't move her legs, she's still an independent() person.
The road is so broad() that many cars can run at the same time.
"Bro, I'm cold", he said as he shivered() from the cold.
Our profits depend on a number of different circumstances().
Usually children got to a primary() shcool at the age of 6.
These pillars() hold the roof up.
I had a sore throat() after I caught a cold.
I always cheat() when I play cards.
We compete() against each other to see who's the faster rider.
The crane() is lifting the girders to construct the building.
DNA consitss of a large number of genes().
You can go through the clouds by taking airplane(). It feels so amazing!
The fare() for this ride is $99999.
This terrorist attack was incredibly brutal()!
He taught me survival() skills, like how to start a fire in the forest.
I took revenge() on my boss for making me work so hard!
Monkey King was under arrest() for defacing public property.

Every citizen() aged eithteen or over has the right to vote in China.
The students raised their hands in response() to the teacher's question.
The chubby dog is determined() to lose weight.
You should take immediate() actions when facing your problems.
What z zealous() bunch of sports fans! They love their team.
He gets a lot of publicity(), he's always on TV.
He gave his wife a diamond ring on their tenth anniversary().
Oh dear! The moon represents() my love for you!
The idea of communism() was first introduced by Kral Marx.
I want that specific() peach - the one right there!
The helicopter hovers overhead()!
The girl made a profit() by selling the dree.
I really don't like the smell of cigars().
With theinternet, we can have a global() network of friends.
The hotel room can comfortably accommodate() two travelers.
I will go to the volleybal match() this evening.
The actors are in costume() for the show.
A cold draught() of air blew in from the open window.
The people on the left have to listen to their superior().
Our company has undergone steady expansion() for the last ten years.
The road goes in many direction().
The thermometer smashed and the mersury() flew out.
You are so good! You should join our soccer league()!
Could you write up an analysis() of how the market is moving this week?
You should obtain a license() before driving on the road.
I got the worst() score in the class on my exam.
The wind scattered() the books in every direction.
The little girl is very grateful for the gifts from her relatives.
She tried to murder Snow White with a poisonous() apple.
I can arrange() my toys so that they all fit in a box.
Each belt() represents a different Taekwondo level.

Because of the inflation(), we could buy less fruit with the same money.
Standing on the shoulder of a gaint robot, I can see further().
Scientists aim at finding experimental() evidence from experiments.
In correct perspective(), all horizontal lines meet at a single point.
Liquid(), like water, can flow freely.
The old couple are considering how to distribute theri heritage().
She found his words very offensive(), which made her really upset.
The man is burdened with the housing debt().
The woman lifts weights to strengthen() her arms.
The big guy is making a thread() to the man in blue.
Occupying a bus an is illegal().
The dam() keeps the river from flooding the twon.
The cat's most urgent() need now is to pee.
The noise made by the generator() is so annoying!
If we all pull on this rope together, we can win.
The Queen's head appears in profile() on British stamps.
We keep all our plates and bowls in the cupboard()!
Auntie Xiang Lin is always complaining() about her son being eaten by a wolf!
Being patted on the butt, the horse was annoyed and uttered() a growl.
Mr. Banana presented a naked() dance to us.
The priest() loves to sing about God.
The ignorant() man has been bothered by a simple math question.
I finally achieved() my goal of winning the race.
These two things are of equivalent() weight.
A true gardener() cares for his plants every day.
The distance() between the two building is 2 km.
Wow! The pilot() in the movie look so cool!
The cat felt ashamed() that it was caught when eating the goldfish.
The birds often fly in a v-shaped formation().

These companies all have very well-known brands().
According to the dictionary, we have a new definition() of math.
The world is not flat, it is a sphere().
I hold an auction() to sell my house because I am broke.
He felt a bit awkward() when receiving a bunch of crops.
The five jars() contain two kinds of jam.
Let's make our home inside this hollow() tree!
The tricycle has a pretty big flaw() - its wheels are square.
After four years of hard work, I finaly got my bachelor's() degree!
My phone reminded() me that I have an appointment this afternoon.
You need a remote() to turn on the air conditioner.
His skills qualify() him for his work.
The porter() carries customer's suitcases.
The green arrow is an indication() showing that you're allowed to turn left.
The emperor selected the bedmate at random().
He was so angry that he slapped() his friend.
The apple is divided() into two equal parts.
As the saying goes, "Diamonds() are a girl's best friend."

The big fleet() of ships always stay together.
Please summarize the main point of this paragraph().
The peacock's frathers look magnificent()!
The self-study period is so dull() that everyone falls asleep.
The discovery() of water on Mars is exciting to us!
He really has an insight() into math.
The surrounding() river of the castle looks so blue!
He used logic() to figure out who cimmitted the crime.
Please pay me with cash().
The baby had an emotional day, laughing and crying, then took a long nap afterwords().
Will you come to watch my band play later? Definitely()!
Food and water are necessary() for life.
My children were all educated() in public school.
Her blonde curls() are very beautiful.
The agent is introducing these housing() properties to me.
I wish these stupid donkeys would all stop staring() at me!
An injured ankle() should be wrapped in a bandage.
We like to go to our small log cabin() in the woods.
Please hang up the receiver().
Look ar this big yellow() sunflow.
The story has a romantic plot().
Be very careful when doing scientific().
He was a very original() thinker, always coming up with new ideas.
People wait in the lounge() for boarding.
When things weren't going right, she was restless() at night.
I found the location() on the map.
I am runing ahead() of the rest of the group.
I will discard() this paper into the garbage bin.
The skin treatment will restore() the youthfulness to your skin.
The way I dumped my girlfriend was to accelerate() my vehicle drastically.
I use the farming machine to cultivate() my field.
My granddaughter is always very helpful to me.
Her artificial legs are a deadly weapon().
My teacher gives us sanction() to not wear our school uniforms.
This cloth() has a beautiful design.
His talk show entertained() us, I like his dirty jokes!
I can't wait to meet my nephew().
Sometimes we are emotional(), our mood changes from time to time.
This math() problem is easy.
The meeting room had many seats, but they ware all empty().
My monthly electricity consumption() costs me a lot!
Physical() exercise is good for the body and the mind.
The man shot the target with great accuracy().
Is a bot baby better than a girl baby? This is a controversial() topic.
Vegetables enable() me to be healthy.
My family enjoy ourdoor activiies(), like flying kites.

Owning a flying carpet() is just like a dream to me.
People used to use a telegraph() to send inportant messgaes.
The differences between the two picture can be readily() identified.
The boss pays me minimum() wage, I wish he would pay me more!
It's time to put the last piece into the puzzle().
We all enjoy this outward() journey.
The fountain() becomes so colorful at night.
These two girls bought many handbags().
The spacecraft() is used to explore the unknown area in space.
So we agree, you'll buy my house? Do we have a deal()? good!
That beggar() must be cold and hungry.
The man shows his faith() by getting on his knees and praying.
I can get all the current() news instantly on my call phone.
He's devoted his life to politics().
The man writes everything down in his journal().
My favorite music compositions() were written by Chopin.
Blend() the flour and the water with a spoon.
The destination is still distant(); we will not get there for a while.
The woman tooks some pills() when she was ill.
Fingerprints are unique() to each individual.
They're hostile() towards each other in the fight for love.
I took a long bath() to relax myself.
The cat is slowly creeping() towards her.
My car wasn't working so it needed maintenance().
I knocked my man's head with the pan().
Axes() are the symbol of their gang.
As a true friend, Jerry will always provide protection() to Tom.
American Indians are the only people native() to the USA
Each cellphone company sent an ambassador() to the conference.
My friend says he wants to fly so I help to cast() him.

"Darling, I'm pregnant. Please acknowlwdge() this text".
Do you know the socialist() core value?
Death is grim(), never smiling as he dose his duty.
She was dumb(), and could not speak at all.
There is a bag of flour().
Without farmers(), we would have no food.
Mid-Autumn Festival is a day for family reunion().
The two dogs are comparable() in size and strength.
We keep all of the baby's stuff() in his bedroom.
They only play instrumental() music, their band doesn't have a singer.
The man is adding fuel() to the car.
Your eyesight() is terrible! You need glasses.
She went through a significant transformation() in the last 4 years.

It takes mental and physical endurance() to run a marathon.
Although it's hard to accept the truth, I must concede() that she is prettier than me.

The only way throught the maze is an indirect() one.
We will succeed if we work as a unit().
The students are having fun at the playground() after class.
Most countries gain profits through exporting() their local goods.
The ship() is carrying a lot of goods.
We need all the musical instrument() to perform in the show.
Somehow(), I must make the baby stop crying.
People isn the parade() put on many stange costumes.
Preposition() are usually used before mouns to give additional information.
Don;t bother() me! I'll never play with you again!
The man on the stage is a well learned() professor.
This little green shoot will soon become() a beautiful flower.
The gilr combs() ber hair after taking a bath.
My favorite part of the performance() was the fire-dance.
If you make an error(), you can just erase it and try again.
The floor is wet - make sure you don't slip() and fall.
He arise() at 7 a.m. every morning.
The smell is so unpleasant() and offensive.
The model poses for a photograph in the studio().
The grass is moist() due to last night;s heavy rain.
The single woman feels envy() when she sees happy couples.
People usually go to temples() to pray for good fortune.
The pine() tree is a symbol of Mount Huangshan.
All of them are international() students from different countries.
The point of prayer is to humble() yourself before God.
I want to be an author() and write books.
Yeah, your car's visible() - I can see it over there.
A revolution() in science and technology has changed the way that we communicate.
Our anti-virus software will defend() your computer againest attacks.
The rocket gives his an unfair advantage()!
I often think about the meaning of life and other questions of philosophy().
Water came out of the wall through several outlets().
The baby always sucks() his fingers.
The car speeds up at the crossing() suddenly, which scares the girl.
Which dress do you think I should select()?
Our company dominates a small segment() of the market.
The German() football team will be pretty hard to beat.
They may be old, but they're still as lively() as ever.
You're asking me on a date? I have no interest in you whatsoever()!
A bee stung(sting) me on the arm and it really hurt!
My car has a mechanical() problem.
My parenets are over fifty() years old.
The family burst into laughter() togather.
The African were taken to be slaves().
These two actors are performing a great love drama().
To construct() a whole house from the ground up isn't easy.
If you are as intelligent() as this scientist, you may change the world.

There are a lot of container() at the port.
Wow! The tomato sauce() in the bowl looks so dilicious.
Penny was miserable() when she heard the bad news.
I felt tremendous() living presure.
These yummy baozi are cooking in the steamer(). "Eat me!" they say.
I like it when she rubs() my forehead, since I have bad headaches.
Press the button() to turn off the computer.
The woman must take pills everyday, moreover(), she hsould eat lots of fruit.
If we make tin() can telephones, we can talk without our parents hearing us!
Hold on, let me dial() his number.
These four books are the classics of Chinese literature().
Those members of the council() have a heated discussion.
You should substitute() fruits and vegetables for sweets.
Taking a bath is a good way to relax() yourself.
These ancient() statues are over 2000 years old.
To save money, he always makes the most economocal() decisions.
The magazine is finished and ready for publication().
There're many kinds of insects(), such as butterflies, bees and ants.
The last clause() states that he has to do what she says.
The judge() decides if I will go to jail.
People used to play music with cassette() tapes.
Could you give me some extra() ice cream?
I use this mask to conceal() my face.
I got up early today and saw a beautiful sunrise().
Run! This toaster is faulty() and might kill your toast at anytime!
The layers() of the cake are in different colors.
To reach the park from the subway, walk a bearing() of 70 degrees north-east.
His skin color differs() from the others'.
The electrician is taking a look at the circuit() board.
I will darw a circle to lay a curse() on you.
March 3rd is the due() date to pay for my VIP account.
A railway track is a perfect example of parallel() lines.
The mother loves to do crafts() with her kids.
I want a lot of people involved() so we can finish the task quickly.
All of the stuff was carried in the lorry().
The radicals() caused chaos at the protest.
She is reading the articles() in the newspaper.
The building's exterior() is beautiful.
Gloves() keep my fingers warm in the winter.
Germs() might be small, but they can make you very sick.
I have never seen such an ugly() dog as this.
The slow motion() clearly shows how he dodges the bullets.
It's already 3:22 a.m, but she is still awake().
Sorry, this club is very exclusive(): VIPs only.
My colleagues are favorable() to my idea.
I love to eat biscuits() when I drink coffee.
Fruits such as oranges and grapes are rich in vitamin() C.
This actor is certan() that he will win the award.
The biggest company has a monopoly() in the market!

She rotates() her body in the dance.
I have to renew() my ID card because it has expired.
The candidates() are presenting the speeches for the election.
The two sides decided to ally() against the enemy.
These small vessels() catch fish and bring them back to port.
Aluminum() drink cans are light and convenient.
Logical() thinking is impportant for understanding other properly.
I want to climb that mountain().
In my English textbook, thay are great studying companion().
These autos() are parked in good order.
Once upon() a time, there was a temple upon a mountain.
She gave a hint() there was no problem.
Walking the tight rope requires a strong sense of banlance().
My professor always answers my questions with long explanations().
You may see this pink symbol on a female() bashroom!
The statistical() data shows that most people cannot afford a house.

I tore a hole in my pants, so I sewed a patch() over it.
She exited the train and walked down the platform().
They are a well-known couple in Chinese myth().
How does the dictionary define() the word 'respect'?
I am so anxious() about the exam! What should I do?
One of my duties is to sweep the floor with a broom().
Our leader() is waving the flag in the front of team.
The senior() soldier gains respect from the new recruits.
I enjoy watching the sunset at dusk().
The customers buy many consumer() goods.
Ever since you started exercising, you're become so much more slender()!
Even well-fed cats will kill mice, because of thier hunting instincts().
The lemon has such a sour() taste!
Misuc fans love listening to music in hi-fi stereo().
I will depart() for a different city.
The united Kingdom at one time had a huge empire().
There're three steps in the procedure() of hot-dog production.
I think she's too young to watch a horror() movie.
High intensity() of light may blind your eyes.
I would love to take a carriage() ride with you in the park.
That girl is so lovely and youthful(). I like her!
We are having a discussion() about the future of our company.
I paid $5 to the waiter for tip().
You must combine() many different kinds of food to make this dish.
The impolite customer shouted at the innocent cashier().
The blask cat deduced() that the white cat was the criminal.
She showed kindness() to her cat.
The noble() couple show their affection in public.
With no more money, I'm completely bankrupt().
Click this button to browes the preceding() text.
Dreams are needless for the bastard in a wealthy() family.
The driver slowly overtook() the driver in first place.
The little girl uses a tissue() when she sneezes.

For this card trick, please put the cards in series() first.
That genius drew a singing man with one continuous() line.
I was ranked() number one in the game.
The football smashed() the glass into pieces.
Only adults() are allowed to watch this video.
This man's outfit was too conservative() that he even covered his face!
Our wondorful wedding is just the beginning of a wonderful marriage().
Look! There is a herd() of sheep!
I'd like a medium() size television.
We can tell a sence of strong suspicion() from his eye.
Thanks to the invertor() of the telephone, we can talk anytime anywhere.
Those who commit crimes() must be severely punished.
The man bought an abundance() of food.
My house is an importantpart of my assets().
My mum scolded() me for my messy bedroom.
The couple walked hand in hand into the church at their wedding().
He planned a very romatic() trip for our honeymoon.
I have a Nokia and iPhone, obviously, the latter() is newer.
Evety county develops its military() force to defend its territory.
We should all meet at a central() point.
The Arabian() prince died so young, What a pity!
I had some difficulties() riding up the hill, but I made it.
We feed a cow() to get milk for breakfast.
This lane() will lead you to cross the forest.
Most kids love sweet() food such as candy.
This charity() provides practical help to homeless children.
We should recycle() trash by putting it into different bins.
The architecture() of these ancient buildings is amazing!
He disclosed() the classified secret to the public.
My phone is out of power, charge() it now.
I turned the volume() up to hear the radio.
I was glad when the doctor told me my heart beat was normal().
The soil is so productive() that the tomatoes grow very well.
Math is a very complicated() subject - it makes my head hurt.
The red line tells you where the margin() is.
The journalist() is always in pursuit of new stories.
Let's drive off towards() that beautiful sunset.
The boy wrote his father's signature() at the bottom of the paper.
I anticipate() him winning the first prize as he is really great!
Hot water cat retain() its heat for hours in the vacuum cup.
The best cooking oil is made from olives.
I've done my boring() homework - now can I go outside and play?
These are five great inventions() of China.
The college students are getting settled() in their new dormitory.
Our devorce caused a devision() in our family.
What made my money shrink() so much?
Our teacher let us use calculators() on the math test.
Square dance can easily be organized within a neighborhood().
One day, I will be a king and live in a castle().

It's unfair(['ʌn'fɛr]不公平的)! She eats so much, but she's still slim.
The dung([dʌŋ]) of corws makes the land more fertile([ˈfɝtəl]富饶的). [dung: 粪]
It was a spiritual(['spɪrɪtʃʊəl]心灵的) experience([ɪkˈspɪriəns]) to watch the sun peacefully.
Dogs are the most faithful(['feθfəl]忠诚的), loyal( ['lɔɪəl]) pets you can have.
As a considerate([kənˈsɪdərɪt]考虑周到的) boyfriend, he took good care of her when she was ill.
After the party, we went back to our respective([rɪ'spɛktɪv]各自的) hotel rooms.
The cat was astonished([ə'stɑnɪʃt]吃惊的) by the big fish he received.
Years of practice have made him a very skillful(['skɪlfəl]熟练的) pianist(['pɪənɪst]). [pianist:钢琴家]
Her piano preformance is superb([/suːˈpɜːrb/]极好的；华丽的).
It was an unjust(['ʌn'dʒʌst]不公平的) trial(['traɪəl]).
It's good to be cautious(['kɔʃəs]谨慎的；十分小心的) and use your seat belt.
They are having an intense([ɪn'tɛns]强烈的；紧张的；非常的；热情的) quarrel over a critical issue.
This drawing is so realistic([,riə'lɪstɪk]现实主义的；逼真的；实在论的)!
I am an energetic([,ɛnɚ'dʒɛtɪk]精力充沛的；积极的) runner.
My kids are so violent(['vaɪələnt]暴力的；猛烈的) - they'd rather fight than talk about things.
Rice is acceptable, but fish is preferable(['prɛfrəbl]更好的)!
The palace<[ˈpælɪs]> looks really splendid(['splɛndɪd]辉煌的；极好的；杰出的) at night.
She is a diligent(['dɪlɪdʒənt] 勤勉的；用功的) student, studying in most of her free time.
Precious(['prɛʃəs]宝贵的；珍贵的；矫揉造作的) gems<[dʒɛm]> like diamonds are very valuable.
It's apparent([ə'pærənt]adj. 显然的) that the boy is taller than the girl.
She thinks that reading is tedious(['tidɪəs]adj. 沉闷的).
The guy who rides on the horse is an honourable(['ɒn(ə)rəb(ə)l]adj. 荣誉的；值得尊敬的) knight.
This guy was so humorous(['hjumərəs]adj.幽默的) and made everyone laugh.
Flowers would be nicely treated at 25 degress centigrade(['sɛntɪɡred]adj. 摄氏的).
The red one is more noticeable(['notɪsəbl]adj. 显而易见的) than the blue ones.
Audio(['ɔdɪo]adj. 声音的) books can help the blind people to readings.
I really admire her optimistic([,ɑptɪ'mɪstɪk]adj. 乐观的) attitude.
She is such a lucky(['lʌki]adj. 幸运的) dog! She just won the jackpot in the lottery.
The smart([smɑrt]adj. 聪明的；巧妙的；敏捷的) dog can read newspapers.
My love story quickly became widespread([ˈwʌɪdsprɛd]adj. 普遍的；分布广的) through the internet.
The magic cape mage Harry's body invisible([ɪn'vɪzəbl]adj. 无形的；不显眼的).
The wicked(['wɪkɪd]adj. 邪恶的；恶劣的；不道德的) witch forced Snow White to drink the poison.
I never miss my target because my aim is so accurate(['ækjərət]adj. 精确的).
They look like conventional([kən'vɛnʃənl]adj. 符合习俗的，传统的；常见的) businessmen.
The kitten is so tiny( ['taɪni]adj. 微小的) that it could be held in one hand.
Having got many blames, the child looks very guilty( ['ɡɪlti]adj. 有罪的；内疚的).
This historic([hɪ'stɔrɪk]adj. 有历史意义的) building was built over two thousand years ago.
He always dose things on the basis of books; it is so theoretical([,θiə'rɛtɪkəl]adj. 理论的；假设的).
The cat felt confident(['kɑnfɪdənt]adj. 自信的); in his mind, he was a powerful beast.
The damaged parts of the car show the accident was disastrous([dɪ'zæstrəs]adj. 灾难性的).
My teacher silently approached me! How horrible( [ˈhɔrəbəl]adj. 可怕的)!
There's an adequate([ˈædɪkwət]adj. 充足的；适当的) amount of water for the elephants to drink.
The cats are curious( ['kjʊrɪəs]adj. 好奇的，有求知欲的) about what's behind the door.
It is inevitable( [ɪn'ɛvɪtəbl]adj. 必然的) for people to get old.
Now I have my driver's license, it's legal(['ligl]adj. 法律的；合法的；) for me to drive on the road.
The patient is in critical(['krɪtɪkl]adj. 爱挑剔的；危险的；决定性的) condition -- move quickly!
I suffer from chronic( ['krɑnɪk]adj. 慢性的；长期的) pain.
The kids are eager(['igɚ]adj. 渴望的) to eat the ice cream before it melts.
Due to you weight, it's advisable([əd'vaɪzəbl]adj. 明智的) that you change your diet.
My boyfriend told me that he would be responsible([rɪ'spɑnsəbl]adj. 负责的) for this baby.
That guy has an unusual([ʌnˈjuʒəl]adj. 不寻常的) ability! He can fly!
The fan went crazy( ['krezi]adj. 疯狂的) when he saw the actor.
My girlfriend was an hour late for our date. I was getting impatient([ɪm'peʃnt]adj. 焦躁的).
We saw various(['vɛrɪəs]adj. 各种各样的) types of fish during our dive.
I refused the red envelop, but the actual(['æktʃuəl]adj. 真实的；目前的) fact was that I wanted it.
Her indifferent( [ɪn'dɪfrənt]adj. 漠不关心的；中立的) look showed that she was not interested in me.
Your penguin is a weightlifter? That must be a very capable( ['kepəbl]adj. 能干的) bird!
They gave a salute with a solemn(['sɑləm]adj. 庄严的) expression.
Dominoes fall down in a successive([sək'sɛsɪv]adj. 连续的) way.
One should be tolerant( ['tɑlərənt]adj. 宽容的) of all cultural differences.
You committed the crime, and now you are liable( ['laɪəbl]adj. 有责任的) for the consequences!
The red cog is crucial( ['krʊʃəl]adj. 重要的；决定性的); all other cogs depend on it.
Compared with the immense([ɪ'mɛns]adj. 巨大的；无边无际的；) universe, our planet is so small.
There was an awful( ['ɔfl]adj. 可怕的) smell comong from the dusbin.
The soccer game was really competitive([kəm'pɛtətɪv]adj. 竞争的).
That decent(['disnt]adj. 正派的；得体的)  gentleman enjoys his leisure time with wine and cigar.
[it’s very foolish(['fulɪʃ]adj. 愚蠢的) to] play around with guns. 
Oh my God ! A mysterious([mɪ'stɪrɪəs]adj. 神秘的) man is running in my yard!  
The debate over the color of the dress is actually [a visual(['vɪʒʊəl]adj. 视觉的) trick]. 
Each [additional([ə'dɪʃənl]adj. 附加的，额外的) scoop] made the ice cream more delicious. 
This house is not as costly(['kɔstli]adj. 昂贵的) as I thought.  
The selfish(['sɛlfɪʃ]adj. 自私的) boy doesn't share the candies(糖果) with other kids.
The indoor(['ɪndɔr]adj. 室内的) temprature is much higher than the outside.
Look at my fruitful(['frutfl]adj. 富有成效的；多产的) apple tree! Do you want an apple?
The computer is useless( [juslɪs]adj. 无用的) , I need to get a new one.
Although he isn't young anymore, the businessman is still ambitious([æm'bɪʃəs]adj. 野心勃勃的) .
The taste in art is a highly subjective( [səb'dʒɛktɪv]adj. 主观的；个人的)  matter.
Press this button to play the subsequent( ['sʌbsɪkwənt]adj. 随后的)  track.
our country works hard at racial(['reʃladj. 种族的])  equality.
This iron is magnetic([mæg'nɛtɪk]adj. 有磁性的；有吸引力的) , so it attracts other things made of iron.
I'm a liiter bit uncomfortable([ʌn'kʌmftəbl]adj. 不舒服的)  around my new boss.
The teacher is aware([ə'wɛr]adj. 意识到的)  of students that cheat on the exam.
I love eating candy apples, but the caramel is so sticky(['stɪki]adj. 粘的) !
The screen of my phone is broken, but it is still operational( ['ɑpə'reʃənl]adj. 操作的) .
His beating heart shows he's alive([ə'laɪv]adj. 活着的) .
She is an actress who has good dramatic([drə'mætɪk]adj. 戏剧的) action on stage.
The forest is so dense([dɛns]adj. 稠密的); there are trees absolutely everywhere.
He's always so enthusiastic([ɪn,θuzɪ'æstɪk]adj. 热情的) about video games--he loves them so much.
Man is on an eternal([ɪ'tɝnl]adj. 永恒的) journey to understand the universe.
When you see another man whit your girlfriend, it's hard not to be jealous(['dʒɛləs]adj. 妒忌的).
It's prevalent(['prɛvələnt]adj. 流行的) to use this kind of mobiles telephones int the 90s.
His word is always concise([kən'saɪs]adj. 简明的), which shows his unique attitude.
These spoons and forks are made of stainless([ˈsteɪnlɪs]adj. 不锈的；纯洁的)  steel.
I have a very acute([ə'kjut]adj. 严重的), sharp pain in my stomach.
I felt nervous(['nɝvəs]adj. 紧张不安的), hoping the teacher would not ask me to answer the question.
You can only see girls feeding chickens in rural(['rʊrəl]adj. 农村的) areas.
This is an enormous([ɪ'nɔrməs]adj. 巨大的；凶暴的) cup of coffee! how big is it?
The Moon invariably([ɪn'vɛrɪəbli]adv. 总是；不变地) orbits the Earth.
Evidently(['ɛvɪdəntli]adv. 明显地), It was my cat who are ate my dinner!
Singapore is exceedingly([ɪk'sidɪŋli]adv. 非常；极度地) hot in July.
He finally( ['faɪnlɪ]adv. 最后；终于) found the right key after trying all the others.
He was seemingly(['simɪŋli]adv. 表面上看来) happy but we didn't know haw sad he really was.
Have some healthy food instead([ɪn'stɛd]adv. 代替) of hamburgers.
The ad said the product was absolutely( ['æbsəlutli]adv. 绝对地) guaranteed to work.
University was difficult for me, but I graduated eventually([ɪ'vɛntʃuəli]adv. 最后).
He will certainly(['sɝtnli]adv. 当然) lost if he plays basketball with Yao Ming.
This droid is partly(['pɑrtli]adv. 部分地)  functional having lost an arm.
The big man hates the small man; likewise(['laɪkwaɪz]adv. 同样地) , the small man hates the big man.
They turned into butterflies and stayed together forever([fɚ'ɛvɚ]adv. 永远) .
He was bitterly(['bɪtɚli]adv. 悲痛地；残酷地) disappointment after being rejected by her again.
The smoke from the factory's chimney(['tʃɪmni] 烟囱) can be seen from miles away.
The Mongolian[[mɒŋˈɡəʊlɪən]] realm([rɛlm] 领域) in the north is not that large. 
She makes efforts(['ɛfɚt]努力) to do exercise so that she can keep fit.
I think the other plan is the better solution([sə'luʃən]解决方案).
These beautiful ores([ɔr]矿石) are the materials for the production of iron.
He's the only one who knows how the apparatus([ˌæpəˈrætəs]设备) works.
The children's upbringing(['ʌpbrɪŋɪŋ]养育) is filled with arts and crafts.
Sorry, no admission([əd'mɪʃən]进入许可) - you can't come in.
The digestive tract([trækt][解剖学]道；系统) allows your body to use food for energy.
The heading(['hɛdɪŋ]标题) of the newspaper is large in size.
After the skin treatment(['tritmənt]治疗), my skin looks younger and healthier.
I feel a sense of terror(['tɛrɚ]恐怖) whenever I see sharks.
A succession([sək'sɛʃən]连续) of horses passed us in the forest.
This cream([krim]奶油；精华；面霜) will help your skin stay smooth.
The majority([mə'dʒɔrəti]多数) of the basketball fans support the L.A. Lakers.
The pigeon(['pɪdʒɪn]鸽子) is taking a rest on the tree.
The thickness of a single coin is on millimeter(['mɪləˌmitə]毫米). 
The garlic(['ɡɑrlɪk]大蒜；蒜头) stinks; you should get rid of it.
The zebras(['zibrəz]斑马纹) are running across the river.
Heavy industry(['ɪndəstri]工业；勤勉) is important for our economy. Build more factosies.
I love it when the entire orchestra(['ɔrkɪstrə]管弦乐队) plays music together.
The squirrel has sufficient food in storage(['stɔrɪdʒ]存储；仓库) for winter.
The art gallery had an exhibition([ˌɛksəˈbɪʃən]展览(会/品) of my photos.
There was a comfortable arrangement([ə'rendʒmənt]布置；准备) of tables for outdoor dining.
The doctor is giving her some good advice([ədˈvaɪs] 建议；忠告).
Is your favorite creature(['kritʃɚ]生物；创造物) the dog, cat, or rabbit?
The musician([mjʊ'zɪʃən]音乐家) plays beautiful music.
The one ant is at a disadvantage([,dɪsəd'væntɪdʒ]缺点；不利条件) against so many others.
These fishes dived into a depth([dɛpθ][海洋] 深度；深奥) of 150 meters.
"Please fill my car up with petrol(['pɛtrəl]（英）汽油)!" The driver said.
The stadium<['stedɪəm]体育场；露天大型运动场> is filled with numerous sports fans.
The hardware(['hɑrdwɛr]计算机硬件) in the box can be used to fix things.
GDP fell by four percentage([pɚ'sɛntɪdʒ]百分比) points this quarter -- what a disaster!
The farmers have a new irrigation([ˌɪrɪˈɡeʃn]灌溉；[临床] 冲洗) system to wate the fields.
Look at the shooting stars! Let's seize the opportunity([ˌɑpɚˈtunətɪ]时机，机会) to make a wish.
I have a strong belief([bɪ'lif]信仰；教义) in God.
The plane landed at the airport(['ɛrpɔrt]机场；航空站).
The sunset over the road created quite a beautiful scene([sin]场面；情景；事件).
He took out his identity([aɪ'dɛntəti]身份；特性；恒等式) card to show who he was.
His revenue(['rɛvənu]税收收入；收益) comes from his online work.
He lost his job in the wave of unemployment([,ʌnɪm'plɔɪmənt]失业；失业率).
Some people call earth "The blue planet(['plænɪt]行星)".
This dress is made out of such beautiful white fabric(['fæbrɪk]n. 织物；布；组织；构造；建筑物).
She is painting her eye brows([braʊ]n. 眉毛；额；表情).
"I'm in a good mood([mud]n. 情绪；心境；气氛) today", she said with a smile.
As an outcome(['aʊt'kʌm]n. 结果；成果), the boxing game ended in a draw.
Show your strength([strɛŋθ]n. 力量；兵力；长处), hit it again!
In the USA, the parliament(['pɑrləmənt]n. 议会，国会) writes and passes laws.
Our company will be one of the top 500 globel enterprise(['ɛntɚ'praɪz]n. 企业；事业；事业心).
Most of the survivors([sɚ'vaɪvɚ]n. 幸存者) of Titanic wreckage ware women and children.
The rescue team went to rescue the victims of the earthquake(['ɝθ'kwek]n. 地震).
The postage(['postɪdʒ]n. 邮费) depends on the weight of your goods.
Don't get closer to radiation([,redɪ'eʃən]n. 辐射) if you are not in protective suit.
The significance([sɪɡ'nɪfɪkəns]n. 意义；重要性) of sun light and water is equally important for plants.
The cable has 220 volts([volt]n. 伏特；环骑；闪避) of electricity.
My waist measurement('mɛʒɚmənt]n. 测量；尺寸) is 30 inches.
A huge amount of data(['detə]n. 数据) has been stored in the computer.
The waiter has such a bad attitude(['ætɪtʊd]n. 态度；看法).
The man resisted the temptation([tɛmp'teʃən]n. 引诱；诱惑物) of money.
A triangle(['traɪæŋɡl]n. 三角（形）；三角关系) is a shape with three angles and three sides.
I completed my final year exam with distinction([dɪ'stɪŋkʃən]n. 差别；特性；勋章).
The moon will pass through all of its phases([fez]n. （月亮的）盈亏,时期) in about one month.
Remember to keep all your files in the drawer([drɔr]n. 抽屉；开票人；起草者；酒馆侍).
There is an increasing tendency(['tɛndənsi]n. 趋势；癖好) for us to make sales.
Severak politicicans are talking in front of the Unite States Senate(['sɛnət]n. 参议院，上院).
As a strict food critic(['krɪtɪk]n. 批评家；爱挑剔的人), I think the pizaa is just so so.
After merriage, we make the assumption([ə'sʌmpʃən]n. 假定；担任；采取) that a baby will soon follow.
Evety morning the teacher checked our presence(['prɛzns]n. 存在；出席；仪态) in class.
Turn the key to start the ignition([ɪɡ'nɪʃən]n. 点火；燃烧；点火装置).
Conscience([ˈkɑːnʃəns]良心) and evil(['ivl]) are whispering into my ears. [evil:邪恶]
The judge is the authority([ə'θɔrəti]权威) on the meaning of the law.
She checked the mailbox and began going through her correspondence([,kɔrə'spɑndəns]通信,一致).
This hotle offers good accommodation([ə,kɑmə'deʃən]住处) where guests can feel like home.
I enjoy having a conversation([,kɑnvɚ'seʃən]n. 交谈；社交；交际) with friends.
I want to keep a hen([hɛn]n. 母鸡) so I can eat fresh eggs.
The band performed with great passion(['pæʃən]n. 激情；热情).
She receives physical therapy(['θɛrəpi]n. 治疗，疗法) for her back pain.
A comrade(['kɑmræd]n. 同志；伙伴) may save your life in the war.
Walking on the moon was a remarkable achievement([ə'tʃivmənt]n. 成就；完成).
This clock only show fifteen-second intervals( ['ɪntɚvl]n. 间隔；间距).
The leaves in autumn make the scenery(['sinəri]n. 风景；舞台布景) more beautiful.
Baicizhan is a corporation([,kɔrpə'reʃən]n. 公司；法人) with great morals and strong work ethic!
After my arrival([ə'raɪvəl]n. 到来；到达者), I called my boyfriend and asked him to pick me up.
It's bad manners(['mænəz]n. 礼貌) to speak while you're eating.
It was the locality([lo'kæləti]n. 所在；位置) of the crime.
The cat made a conquest(['kɑŋkwɛst]n. 战胜；战利品) of it enemy in the pillow fight.
Optical illusion([ɪ'luʒn]n. 幻觉，错觉) play tricks on your eyes.
The EU headquarters(['hɛdkwɔrtɚz]n. 总部；指挥部) is located in Brussels.
Substances(['sʌbstəns]n. [物] 物质；基本内容) like water can exist in solid, liquid or gaseous form.
The boy is doing arithmetic([ə'rɪθmətɪk]n. 算术，算法) homework. It's easy for him.
Mechanics([mə'kænɪks]n. 力学（用作单数）；结构；技术) is the science of movement and forces.
Chinese teachers mainly teach the students literacy(['lɪtərəsi]n. 读写能力；精通文学).
I left my car at the workshop(['wɝkʃɑp]n. 车间；研讨会) for repairs.
Taste in clothes changes with every era(['ɪrə]n. 时代；年代；纪元).
This ruler measure objects in centimeters([ˈsɛntəˌmitərz]n. [计量] 厘米).
Our body changes during the transition([træn'zɪʃən]n. 过渡；转变) from youth to old age.
If I don't have a pen, I just say a note into my tape recorder([rɪ'kɔrdɚ]n. 录音机；八孔直笛).
A thief([θif]n. 小偷) broke into my car last night.
That's a big chest([tʃɛst]n. 胸；衣柜；箱子；金库) for a man.
Fortunately no one was injured in the collision([kə'lɪʒən]n. 碰撞；冲突) between the cars.
This chart shows the distribution(['dɪstrə'bjʊʃən]n. 分布；分配；供应) of nuclear weapons around the world.
Their service feedback( ['fidbæk]n. 反馈；成果，资料；回复) from is direct and concise!
These flags represent different nations(['neʃən]n. 国家；民族).
It's more convenient to buy tickets from a ticket agency( ['edʒənsi]n. 代理，中介；代理处).
The poor boy's head looks like a tiny onion( ['ʌnjən]n. 洋葱).
The earth is in non-stop rotation( [ro'teʃən]n. 旋转；循环).
The carrier(['kærɪɚ]n. [化学] 载体；运送者；带菌者；货架) takes the goods towards his trunk.
Even the donkeys([ˈdɑŋkɪ]n. 驴子) confrom to traffic regulations!
These wind turbines(['tɝbaɪn]n. [动力] 涡轮) can generate electicity.
This machine loads the cargo( ['kɑrɡo]n. 货物，船货) onto the ship.
The ants([ænts]n. 蚂蚁) play in a band.
Climate([ˈklaɪmət]n. 气候；风土) differ from place to place, and from season to season.
I put his birthday card in an envelope(['envələʊp]n. 信封；包膜).
The kindergarten( ['kɪndɚɡɑrtn]n. 幼儿园) had many toys for children to play with.
Lend me your wool([wʊl]n. 羊毛；毛线；毛织品) please, I'll make you a pretty sweater.
His English-Chinese interpretation([ɪn'tɝprɪ'teʃən]n. 解释；翻译；演出) is strange, I doubt if it is crroct.
Water is a necessity([nə'sɛsəti]n. 需要；必然性) for life.
We suffered one casualty(['kæʒuəlti]n. 意外事故；急诊室) at work today.
The youngsters settle the problem by using violence(['vaɪələns]n. 暴力；侵犯；激烈).
The fisherman(['fɪʃɚmən]n. 渔夫) hoped that his net would be full of fish.
The theory of evolution([ˌɛvəˈluʃən]n. 演变；进化论) is a wonderful explanation of how life arose.
A keycard is necessary for entry(n. 进入；入口；条目；登记；报关手续) to the room.
The sunlight(['sʌnlaɪt]n. 日光) brightens the green field.
We have a reservation([,rɛzɚ'veʃən]n. 预订；保留), so our table is saved.
The employee worked overtime to meet the deadline([ˈdedlaɪn]n. 截止期限).
The husband and wife had a very close relationship([rɪ'leʃən'ʃɪp]n. 关系；关联).
Our new alliance( [ə'laɪəns]n. 联盟；联姻) allows us to work together to solve problems.
This textbook(['tɛkstbʊk]n. 教科书) demonstrates how to be a cat person.
He's the top man in the administration([əd,mɪnɪ'streʃən]n. 管理；行政机构) of the organization.
Aviation([,evɪ'eʃən]n. 航空；飞行术) is one of my biggest interests -- I love airplanes.
With the remarkable development of technology([tɛkˈnɑlədʒɪ]n. 技术), telephones get smaller.
The duration( [du'reʃən]n. 持续的时间，期间) of my wait was about one hour.
White roses are a symbol of purity(['pjʊrəti]n. [化学] 纯度；纯洁；纯净).
Thank you, little bee([bi]n. 蜜蜂), for making such delicious honey.
The salesman(['selzmən]n. 推销员) told us the details about the house for sale.
China has adopted one-child policy(['pɑləsi]n. 政策，方针；保险单) for a few decades.
I am a player(['pleɚ]n.) on my local basketball team.
The book's illustration([,ɪlə'streʃən]n. 说明；插图；例证) of fruits help me to recognzie them.
I received the medal in recognition([,rɛkəɡ'nɪʃən]n. 识别；承认；赞誉；公认) of my sports skills.
After four years of college, I finally received my degree( [dɪ'ɡri]n. 等级；度；学位).
Can you measure the circumference( [sɚ'kʌmfərəns]n. 圆周；周长；胸围) of this apple?
An alien is the main character of this work of fiction( ['fɪkʃən]n. 小说；虚构).
The man of wealth([wɛlθ]n. 财富) wears a lot of glod and silver.
This software will help increase your English vocabulary([və'kæbjəlɛri]n. 词汇；词表；)!
We go to the movies for some entertainment( [ˌɛntɚ'tenmənt]n. 娱乐；款待).
I joined the navy(['nevi]n. 海军) to be at sea.
I climbed uo the hill with the assistance([ə'sɪstəns]n. 援助；辅助设备) of my friend.
Einstein was a great physicist( ['fɪzɪsɪst]n. 物理学家；唯物论者).
The hammer and sickle represent socialism(['soʃəlɪzəm]n. 社会主义). Workers, unite!
I'm infected with some bacteria([bæk'tɪrɪə]n. [微] 细菌); that's why I have to go to the hospital.
Look! I have collected so many carrots(['kærət]n. 胡萝卜)!
The maximun output of this engine is two hundred horsepower(['hɔrs'paʊɚ]n. 马力).
I saw a baby deer([dɪr]n. 鹿) this morning. It was so cute!
This steak([stek]n. 牛排；肉排；鱼排) looks very delicious.
The spokesman( ['spoksmən]n. 发言人) on stage is answering questions.
Science( ['saɪəns]n. 科学；技术) has greatly improved human life.
Thankfully, the conversion([kən'vɝʒn]n. 转换；[金融]兑换；改变信仰) rate of RMB to foreign currency is getting better gradually.
I now have a membership(['mɛmbɚʃɪp]n. 资格；会员身份) in the airline's VIP club.
I finally draw a conclusion( [kən'kluʒn]n. 结论；推论) from these facts.
The little boy wore a helmet in accordance([ə'kɔrdns]n. 一致；和谐) with safety regulations.
The sunshine(['sʌnʃaɪn]n. 阳光；愉快) broke through the clouds.
The recession([rɪ'sɛʃən]n. 衰退；不景气) has hurt the global economy.
I hope this fishing rod([rɑd]n. 棒；惩罚；枝条；权力) is strong enough to catch a big fish.
Sneezing is a common symptom(['sɪmptəm]n. [临床] 症状；征兆) of a cold.
Our group's strength lies in out unity(['junəti]n. 团结；个体).
The slogan( ['slogən]n. 标语；呐喊声) will urge us to work hard.
A roller( ['rolɚ]n. 滚筒；滚轴) can be used to paint a wall faster than a paintbrush.
There is an exit at the end of the corridor(['kɔrɪdɔr]n. 走廊).
Your father was a quite a sportsman(['spɔrtsmən]n. 运动员；冒险家) in his younger days.
This dwelling( ['dwɛlɪŋ]n. 住处；寓所) is in a very nice neighborhood.
Bacon(['bekən]n. 培根) is made from pig meat.
Our introduction([,ɪntrə'dʌkʃən]n. 介绍；引进；入门) was short but friendly -- we shook hands.
This mystic light swirling over my hands is a miracle(['mɪrəkl]n. 奇迹).
I've always wanted to be a member(['mɛmbɚ]n. 成员) of the group.
The teacher gave me lots of instruction( [ɪn'strʌkʃən]n. 指令；教导) to improve my English.
The basin() is out bathroom was very clean.
Cigarette() are getting more expensive every year.
Let me explain the concept() with this diagram.
The German delegation() received a warm welcome upon arrival to the UK.
This TV comedy() show is quite interesting.
A marketing campaign has several different aspects() such as price, promotion etc.
These are so many animals in the zoo()!
Pikachu has an ability to generate electricity().
I use facts and statistics() to prove my point.
Lord Bao attended the conference on behalf() of Baicizhan.
As a farmer, I own acres() and acres of land.
The magnet() is the threat to Iron Man.
The monument looks beautiful form this viewpoint().
Where dose the door() lead to?
He has lived in poverty() since he joined the beggar gang.
I think we have a visitor() at the door.
The unexpected disaster([dɪ'zæstɚ]n. 灾难) destroyed the whole city.
His objection([əb'dʒɛkʃən]n. 反对；缺陷) made the other man feel unhappy.
Giving the worker a cart greatly improved his efficiency([ɪˈfɪʃənsɪ]n. 效率), and now he can work twice as fast.
This book is full of the wisdom(['wɪzdəm]n. 智慧；学识；至理名言) of Confucius.
They are robots, but they have emotion([ɪ'moʃən]n. 情感).
Canada contains many province(['prɑvɪns]n. 省；领域).
These poor African kids suffer a lot from famine( ['fæmɪn]n. 饥荒).
She is in a state of anxiety([æŋ'zaɪəti]n. 焦虑) as she lacks monoy for raising a baby.
Pull down your pants and get ready for your injection([ɪn'dʒɛkʃən]n. 注射).
There is a wide variety([və'raɪəti]n. 多样；种类) of tomatoes; they are different in color.
The policeman asked the girl to give a description([dɪ'skrɪpʃən]n. 描述) of the criminal.
The mother made a concession([kən'sɛʃən]n. 让步；特许) and allowed the boy to continue watching TV.
We thank Steve Jobs for the establishment( [ɪ'stæblɪʃmənt]n. 制定；公司) of Apple.
Jesus Christ( [kraɪst]n. 基督) is an important figure for billions of people.
The probability(['prɑbə'bɪləti]n. 可能性) of grasping a snake is 2/3.
This virus(['vaɪrəs]n. 病毒) has been making me cough all week.
He was a great athlete(['æθlit]n. 运动员) who ran really fast. 
[In the suburbs(['sʌbɝb]n. 郊区)], there are fewer houses and more trees. 
His religion([rɪ'lɪdʒən]n. 宗教；宗教信仰) taught him to be kind. .
Would the customer(['kʌstəmɚ]n. 顾客) buy this pair of the blue jeans? 
This is the place where the congress(['kɑŋɡrəs]n. 国会) members would have a meeting. 
These are my relations([rɪ'leʃənz]n. 关系) - we got together over Christmas.  
The velocity([vəˈlɑsəti]n. 速度) of the rocket is over 4.5km/s.
Completing an exam requires a lot of concentration(['kɑnsn'treʃən]n. 浓度；集中).
The United States has four major regions(['ridʒən]n. 地区；范围).
A huge eagle(['igl]n. 鹰) is flying high in the sky.
The student was awarded his certificate during the graduation ceremony( [ˈsɛrəˌmoʊni]n. 典礼；礼节).
The capacity([kə'pæsəti]n. 能力；容量；资格) of this cup is 2 liters(公升).
I made an appointment([ə'pɔɪntməntn. 任命；约定])  with my doctor.
The reporter([rɪ'pɔrtɚ]n. 记者)  brought us the lastest news.
The conductors([kən'dʌktɚ]n. 导体；售票员；领导者)  is leading the band.
The teacher gave uo English dictation([dɪk'teʃən]n. 听写；口述)  today.
The installation(['ɪnstə'leʃən]n. 安装)  of the air conditioning was a little diffcult.
Some cattle(['kætl]n. 牛；牲畜)  are grazing in the field.
The sun is slowly rising from the horizon([hə'raɪzn]n. 地平线；视野) .
He felt a lot f sympathy(['sɪmpəθi]n. 同情)  for the dog and gave it a bone.
Every night I hear an owl( [aʊl]n. 猫头鹰)  on the tree outside my room.
Smoking can cause lung cancer(['kænsɚ]n. 癌症) .
I gave their service a good rating to show my satisfaction([,sætɪs'fækʃən]n. 满意；赔偿) .
The film has a happy ending(['ɛndɪŋ]n. 结局) .
The girl keeps a diary( ['daɪəri]n. 日记)  everyday.
My employer([ɪm'plɔɪɚ]n. 雇主)  yells at me everyday.
This exercise gives me a lot of strength and vigor(['vɪgɚ]n. 活力) !
A shortcoming(['ʃɔrtkʌmɪŋ]n. 短处)  of this kind of dog is that their legs are too short.
The man speaks with his microphone(['maɪkrə'fon]n. 麦克风) .
They like to use cellphone for communication([kə,mjunɪ'keʃən]n. 通讯) .
All my clothes are in this wardrobe([ˈwɔrdˌrob]n. 衣柜) .
The Red Cross is an institution([,ɪnstɪ'tuʃən]n. 制度；建立)  devoted to the development of human welfare.
Drinking is harmful to our liver(['lɪvɚ]n. 肝脏；居民).
The bunny jumps over the obstacles(['ɑbstəkl]n. 障碍) .
The avenue(['ævənu]n. 大街；林荫大道)  is lined with lush green trees.
I've had to develop a tolerance(['tɑlərəns]n. 公差；宽容)  for loud noise at the place where I work.
In language, conjunction([kən'dʒʌŋkʃən]n. 结合;连接词)  are words like and and but.
The Bible(['baɪbl]n. 圣经)  is the holy book of the Christian religion.
Aristotle may have been the greatest philosopher( [fə'lɑsəfɚ]n. 哲学家)  of all time.
On Father's Day, we show our gratitude(['ɡrætɪtud]n. 感谢)  to our fathers for raising us.
The revelation(['rɛvə'leʃən]n. 启示；揭露)  of the masked man's identify surprised us.
The lion rules the animal kingdom(['kɪŋdəm]n. 王国；领域)  with the help of his friends.
I bought several new pairs of pants([pænts]n. 裤子).
The ugly duck is an exception([ɪk'sɛpʃən]n. 例外) among the cute ducks.
Waht topics should we put on the agenda([ə'dʒɛndə]n. 议程；日常工作事项) for our afternoon meeting?
Vampires's weakness(['wiknəs]n. 弱点) is that they are afraid of sunshine.
Episode(['ɛpɪsod]n. 插曲；一段情节) 1 of this TV series is being shown now.
I used to be a worker, but now I get a real profession([prə'fɛʃən]n. 职业；声明).
The young man is waiting for his baggage(['bæɡɪdʒ]n. 行李).
The negotiation([nɪ,ɡoʃɪ'eʃən]n. 谈判) went well and they finally reached an agreement.
The school's faculty([ˈfækəlti]n. 能力；全体教员) is responsible for teaching the students.
She's so young, but she's quite the little scholar(['skɑlɚ]n. 学者；奖学金获得者).
Congratulation([kən,ɡrætʃu'leʃən]n. 祝贺) on your success!
He uses the wax paper for the removal( [rɪ'muvl]n. 免职；排除) of unwanted hair.
The circle's radius(['redɪəs]n. 半径) is about 10 centimeters.
We can go to the museum([mjuˈzɪəm]n. 博物馆) to look at art.
Most memfind women wearing stockings([stɑkɪŋz]n. 丝袜) attractive.
The city must rely on safe drinking water from the reservoir(['rɛzɚ,vɔr]n. 水库；蓄水池).
You guys are tough competitors([kəm'pɛtɪtɚ]n. 竞争者) , but I bet I'll win.
my talk was so popular that there was applause([ə'plɔz]n. 鼓掌欢迎) from everyone.
There's a limitation([,lɪmɪ'teʃən]n. 限制)  on what he can see.
They enjoy theri interaction([,ɪntə'rækʃən]n. 相互作用)  with each other on the stage.
Please place your cup on a saucer(['sɔsɚ]n. 茶托)  to keep the table clean.
I take care of my lawn([lɔn]n. 草坪) to keep it nice and green
Man A versus(['vɝsəs]prep. 与...相对) Man B is good fight to watch.
She provoke([prə'vok]vt. 驱使；激怒) her sister by making a face at her.
I always confuse([kən'fjʊz]vt. 使混乱；使困惑) the girl with her twin sister.
I recommend(['rɛkə'mɛnd]vt. 推荐；劝告) this toilet paper because its quality is better.
School tends to depress([dɪ'prɛs]vt. 压抑；使沮丧) the boy; it always makes him sad.
Birds reproduce([,riprə'dus]vt. 复制；繁殖) by laying eggs.
We strated to applaud([ə'plɔd]vi. 喝彩；鼓掌欢迎) after he finished his presentation.
The boy is reciting([rɪ'saɪt]vt. 背诵；叙述) a text to his teacher.
I succeeded([sək'sid]vt. 继承；接替) in shooting three arrows in the center of the target.
This girl's word discourage([dɪs'kɝɪdʒ]vt. 阻止；使气馁) him.
Although the superstar wears the sunglasses, his fans still recognize([ˈrɛkəɡˌnaɪz]vt. 认出；承认) him.
He accumulates([ə'kjumjəlet]vi. 累积；积聚) wealth for future use.
My dog resembles([rɪ'zɛmbl]vt. 类似，像) a brown mop.
As the boy blows air in, the balloon expands([ɪk'spænd]vt. 扩张；使膨胀).
Our on-line community connects([kə'nɛkt]vt. 连接；联合；关连) us all to each other.
"Hand in your homework!" she repeats 3 times to emphasize(['ɛmfəsaɪz]vt. 强调) its importance.
Let's play hide and seek([sik]vt. 探索；搜索)!
He deceived([dɪ'siv]v. 欺骗) the old man about the contract he was signing.
The ugly duckling was excluded([ɪk'sklʊd]vt. 排除；排斥) by his peers.
We condense([kən'dɛns]vi. 浓缩；凝结) all kinds of herbs into pill form.
Let's calculate(['kælkjulet]vt. 计算；预测；认为；打算) the final amount.
Get up! The chair can't sustain( [sə'sten]vt. 支撑；忍受；供养；证实) your weight.
Bread, beef, cheese and salad constitute(['kɑnstətut]vt. 组成) the perfect burger.
I always accompany([ə'kʌmpəni]vt. 陪伴；伴奏) my children to their school.
This guy's duty is to regulate(['rɛɡjulet]vt. 规定；控制；校准) the traffic.
The dog despise([dɪ'spaɪz]vt. 轻视) the cat for licking her ass.
I'm so excited! My idol is about to appear( [ə'pɪr]vi. 出现；出庭；登场) on stage!
I will solve( [sɑlv]vt. 解决；溶解)  this math problem in a minute.
Sponges can [absorb( [æbˈsɔrb]vt. 吸收；承受)a lot of water].
You look terrible! I suggest([sə'dʒɛst]vt. 建议；启发) you go see a doctor!  
The two man confront([kən'frʌnt]vt. 面对；遭遇)  each other with anger.
I’m trying to deny([dɪ'nai]vi. 否认；拒绝) that I just farted. 
The purpose of an oil refinery is to refine([rɪ'faɪn]vt. 精炼) crude oil into petroleum.
We decorate(['dɛkəret]vt. 装饰；布置)  the tree to celebrate Christmas.
A sewing machine can sew([so]vt. 缝合)  so much faster than my hand.
People awaited([ə'wet]vt. 等待；期待)  in a line to get on the bus.
It's hard for plants to survive( [sɚ'vaɪv]vt. 幸存) in the dessert.
The man threatened(['θrɛtn]vt. 威胁；恐吓)  to hurt the girl.
My friends sympathize(['sɪmpə'θaɪz]vi. 同情) with me over the death of my grandfather.
My mother is helping me fasten(['fæsən]vt. 使固定) my seat belt.
