I would love a bowl of mild() chicken soup right now.
The automatic() production line improves the working efficiency greatly.
A flock() of sheep were grazing on the grassland.
Damn() it! Why do I keep getting fired!
Turn off the stove(), or the food will be overcooked.
Don't worry, he's an expert(), he'll know how to fix the computer.
How did you get your hair() so straight? 
I give you my consent(); you can do it if you want.
The building was destroyed in the blast() after he turned around.
You want me to call him? Sure(), I can do that! 
lin falls down and creates a huge pit()  in the ground!
Your violin has a beatuiful tone() .
The boat is approaching()  the jetty at a high speed.
Did you see the editorial()  in the newspaper?
My mother dresses my twin brothers in identical()  clothing.
The road is very straight() .
The elephant raised his trunk()  in a salute.
The burst()  of the bomb led to the mushroom cloud in the sky.
You ought()  to wipe your butt after pooping.
The salesman persuaded()  us to buy a car.
Christians()  believe in Jesus.
It's better to maintain silence()  when you do not know what to say.
Have you read this script() ? It's very funny.
She looks mature()  with heavy make-up.
The tap is dripping() . Please turn it off.
My will power makes me float()  in the air.
The horse's long tail()  lifted up into the air as it ran.
The optional()  subjects are usually more interesting than majors.
I told her I wanted to break up and she attacked()  me!
This ice cream bar tastes()  so good!
He was so abgry that he snapped()  the pencil in two.
I was left alone at the train station() .
There are many different versions()  of Monkey King.
Use the other end of the hammer to remove()  nails.
Drinking while pregnant will do great harm()  to your baby.
Employer exploits()  his workers ruthlessly for his own profits.
This camera lens()  costs a lot.
There are five alternative()  answers for each question.
I prefer portable()  computers -- they're more convenient.
Will you live to ninety()  years old?
Sort()  your garbage into different bins.
All you need to sew clothing is a needle()  and thread.
You can see the entire city from the upper()  floors of the Empire State Building.
This car has been modified()  to make it even faster.
Modern road system can be very complex() .
Glue()  is very useful for stricking things together!
The fat man is wondering how to pass through the narrow()  road.
I think your hat is too flat() .
The angle()  of each corner is 60 degrees.
The square dancers might be aged,but they're still dynamic() !
She uncovered()  the pot to see whether the food was cooked.
The litter boy unhappily sat in the corner()  of the room.
There is a variety of clothes on the catalog()  for us to select.
Sign this with a pen(), please.
The girl describing() to the police about what happened.
My grandfather retired() at 60 and raised a bird.
The welfare() of the workers is getting better.
They are wearing traditional folk()  clothing.
There are the face of former()  presidents.
When I drop a rock on my foot, every single toe()  hurts.
She use a rag()  to clean the glass window.
He has made progressive()  progress in his grade.
The scientist was hurt by explosive()  liquid!
I'm trying to eat a diet()  of only fruits and vegetables.
They used to use telegrams()  for messages.
Use the slit()  to insert coins and activate the machine.
This annual()  big sale is held specially for the single.
The status of subordinates()  is lower than their superior.
The reeds sway()  back and forth in the wind.
People can use machines to plow()  the field now.
Police wear a blue cap()  when on duty.
The cat caught so many mice, so he deserved()  the reward.
Some cement fell from the wall, leaving the bricks exposed() .
The broken-hearted man tears()  the photo into pieces.
Jumping off a mountain was part of his adventure() .
It's sensible()  to avoid drinking or smoking too much.
Will anybody volunteer()  to clean the park up? I'll do it!
Your Majesty, can you still recall() the day you met her?
My grandfather is eighty() years old.
This car can reach a high speed() .
He is trying to shoot() te birds in the shy.
I'm seizing() this money -- I need is the most.
I hate being enclosed() int this cage.
The family tree shows everyone I'm related() to.
This pizza is oven baked() and 100% delicious.
Look eastward() to watch the sunrise.
Wow, you hit hte bullseye with three arrows()! Nice shooting!
When he tried to kiss her, she resisted().
The worker drills() into the wall.
The woman wonders() if she carries a boy or a girl.
She can't hold her tears when she chops() the onion.
In cartoon() world, everything  seems nice and cute.
Give me back my hat, said the mushroom() sadly.
I'm blind, but I can read this book using my sense() of touch.
The lady and the man hold contrary() views.
Some man-made fibers() can be used for making ropes.
We set out with enough provisions() to last the trip.
The light is very dim(), I can's see who it is.
I'll commit suicide() if you don't feed me fish!
You should take the initiative() and go fitst.
I'm going to mark() our meeting on the calendar.
