I like using a calculator to compute().
Taxes are too high; I can't handle the strain().
And, finally, The puzzle is complete().
Please forgive me! I beg you!
They build shelters() from ice to keep themselves warm.
He was awarded a medal on the merit() of his bravvery.
The doctor passed the prescription() to the patient.
Delegates() from both netions signed the peace agreement.
Jazz() music has become popular all over the world.
No pain, no gain().
Our teacher assigns() us some homework.
We make a promise() by pulling each other's litter finger.
Is the water in the swimming pool deep enough to dive() into?
He has organized a public rally().
The boxer punched his opponent() severely!
Hot pot and Mahjong are essential() components of SiChuan culture.
He got accustomed() to the food after 10 years of living here.
They had a dispute() over who should be his dance partner.
The shape of the bush() looks like a ball.
When you get lost outdoors, you can use a compass().
The detective inferred() from the footprints that the criminal was in the box.
She mounted() her horse and rode away.
He is such a fool() that he can't answer this question.
We have the right to elect() our government.
"Please be careful when you drop the anchor()!", the shark shouted.
Pedestrian() should cross the road through the zebra crossing.
I can't believe I won the award() for best actress.
The boys venture() deep into the forest.
He perceived() the sound even though he was far away.
She is a good housewife(). She always stays home to cook and clean.
The suspect() was body-searched by a policeman.
What a good fortune()! I won the first prize.
Pandas are hard to find because they're so rare().
I took my phone out of my pocket().
The movies starts in 10 minutes, in the meantimes(), let's go get some popcorn.
My grandmother enjoys it when I pat() her on the head.
The lane extended() for a few miles.
We have to be at work by ten o'clock(), so I'm already a few minutes late.
Scan() the code to get further information.
I sentence() you to a year in prison!
People play different roles in their lifetime().
You can preserve() food by putting it into the refrigerator.
The protesters blocked() the street.
He gave a lecture() in front of many people.
We kept the campfire burning overnight().
The athlete was carrying the Olympic torch().
This is just the draft() design of a building.
"I have a parcel() for you," said the mailman.
He looks like a tough() guy -- you don't want to fight with him.
The cake was cut and beer was served on the occasion().
The solar() ennegy is collected to generate electricity.
Our textile() factory sells many different types of cloth.
Those two lambs() are so cute!.
She kept smoking although([ɔl'ðo]conj. 尽管；虽然；但是；然而) she was pregnant.
The coach blew the whistle() to end the game.
People from different cultures() usually have different ways of greeting each other.
He looked very grave() when he heard the bad news.
Mommy, I want the doll with the butterfly wings()!
The cook used many different kinds of peppers() in his recipe.
The soldiers fought really hard in the battle().
Nowadays(), phones are more advanced than this brick.
The right side of theis photo frame is somewhat() lower than the left.
I need to buy some bullet() for my gun.
Sherlock tracked() the criminal by following the footprints.
Each packet() of sauce will flavor one meat!
I took my daughter to the grocery store() to buy some food.
The dog is chained() up so as not to hurt people.
Dairy() foods contain lots of calcium.
We're runing in circles()!
The policeman is detecting() the crime scene.
Just insert() you credit card into the ATM and you will receive your money shortly.
This powerful man's political ambition() was to unify the three kingdoms.

Whoever([hʊ'ɛvɚ]pron. 无论谁) is taller than me must sit down!
The little girl really likes her dolls().
The waiter servered() us the best wine.
I'm eating a bigger burger because U'm bigger! It's proportional() to my weight.
The lady feels sympathetic() towards the beggar, so she gives him money.
It's the boy's twelfth() birthday, which means he's arriving at puberty.
I am a big fan of domestic() products.
Prior() to crossing roads, the school bus goes first.
Pulling a rabbit out of a hat is the most classic magic() trick.
She enjoys herself by reading novels().
She wears a pair of yellow trousers().
There's a lot of thinking() going on in his young brain.
The freight() train transports the goods.
He faces any sitiation with a positive() atitude.
