Morning exercises benefit() old people.
This is the motor() of the four-wheel drive.
The doctor showed me an X-ray() of my broken hip.
Our manager wants us to feel pride() in the quality of our work.
Look! A little girl is hiding behind the curtain()!
Not agian -- I hate having to brake() my car for cows.
I hope someone finds my message in this bottle().
The month is over, so it's time to flip to the next month on the calendar().
In modern society, WiFi is the most fundamental() need.
Check all you receipts() when you do your taxes.
This digital() stopwatch is very precise.
It's so pleasant to rest here in the shade() of the tree!

The wit() of that little boy fascinates us!
The cows are hungry -- bring them some hay() to eat.
"I finally got this bag!" she yelled with delight().
He swam to the shore().
How much will it cost to repair() my car?
He has recovered() well from his foot injury.
I love to eat all kinds of candy().
If you want to hit the target, you will have to concentrate() and focus.
Each lock has its own corresponding() key.
I'll need a sample() of your blood to see if you're sick.
The woman guides() the elderly to the tourist spot.
I'll push the nail in by means() of this hammer.
This superhero runs as fast as lightning().
The gross() cost for all these things is very high.
He checks out the document() before signing it.
The little boy went backword() on the beach.
Bats() hang themselves upside down when they sleep.
The women chat() casually about their lives
Baicizhan is a perfect() English study application.
"Thanks to all the sponsors() for the support!" said the host.
The guard() stood outside and defended the palace gates.
The interior() furnishing of the living room is very delicate.
The school is surrounded by a large fence().

The little guy shows his talent at playing the drum().
The egg shell() broken in half.
The apple was penetrated() with an arrow.
The employee was notified() that he was fired.

My mouth watered when the waiter took the lid() off the plate.
Our oil supply() comes from this pipe.
The hands of the farmer are tough().
Jack Ma is an outstanding() example of enterpreneurs.
A smart phone is the most up-to-date() way to get important information.
It requires cooperative() efforts to beat the red team.
These tubes() are made of steel.
I donate() blood to help those who need it.
Buddha was a divine() soul who spread the message of love and peace.
Please pass me a fork() for my salad.
Mom really made a fuss() when I broke an egg.
Taking these supplements() makes you more beautiful.
The agent invite() us in to have a look at the house.
The prospective() King is trying on his father's outfit.
Don't touch these wires, They'll give you an electric() shock.
I have always wanted to play music on the guitar().
We should drink more mineral() water -- it's good for our health.

The harbor() contains so many boats.
I want to got to the band's concert() so much! I LOVE their music.
The two windows are surrounded() by green leaves.
I want a new, flat screen computer monitor().
The design if her ring() is very interesting and uique.
Use a spoon to stir() the coffee before you drink it.
Spread() the butter evenly to all parts of the bread.
I like painting with red() paint, because red is a lucky color.
Mr. Bao is very nervous because the following() performance will be his solo.
The nurses wear white uniform() when they work.
When the leaf is seen up close, you can see a lot of fine details().
In a show of support they all began to clap() their hands.
The hare decides to take a rest, meanwhile(), the tortoise kept moving.
"Help me, I'm drowning()!" he shouted as he sank under the water.
When he took his mask() off, I saw that he looked very defferent.
She is imagining() herself wearing a pretty dress.

The wedding was very fancy(), there ware flowers everywhere.
I love to watch builders mixing concrete().
The cheetah is the swift() land animal.
We pay our rents() to the house owner every month.
The child dreads() the ghost so much that he couldn't fall asleep.
The old lady is trying to bargain() with the paddler.
Reading so many graphs() really exhausted me!

The little boy implied() his craving for this cherry.
The cat attempts() to catch that fish!
I fell downward() though the air, hoping my parachute would open.
Driving down the dirt road so fast created a lot of dust().
I need to be more healthy, so would favor() an apple over a burger.
We made a loop() out of rope foe future use.
In winter, I perfer shirts with long sleeve().
I measure  out a single dose() of the medicine for the patient.
The stock index rises and falls all the time. Invest cautiously.
It was a high stakes() poker game.
I like this toy(); It can be used to scare others.
Notwithstanding() the snow, the girl is still selling the matches.
Under his leadership, they made it to the top!
I'm having trouble digesting() all this spicy food.
As the chief() of the team, the male lion can have many mates.
He annoys me by talking all the time.
This room is an absolute() mess.
I pin() notes to the wall to remind me to do things.
The lion let out a mighty roar().
You should omit() those repeated words in the article.
This photo was taken when I went sightseeing() in Paris.
The waves() are washing off the drawing on the beach.

