Every citizen() aged eithteen or over has the right to vote in China.
The students raised their hands in response() to the teacher's question.
The chubby dog is determined() to lose weight.
You should take immediate() actions when facing your problems.
What z zealous() bunch of sports fans! They love their team.
He gets a lot of publicity(), he's always on TV.
He gave his wife a diamond ring on their tenth anniversary().
Oh dear! The moon represents() my love for you!
The idea of communism() was first introduced by Kral Marx.
I want that specific() peach - the one right there!
The helicopter hovers overhead()!
The girl made a profit() by selling the dree.
I really don't like the smell of cigars().
With theinternet, we can have a global() network of friends.
The hotel room can comfortably accommodate() two travelers.
I will go to the volleybal match() this evening.
The actors are in costume() for the show.
A cold draught() of air blew in from the open window.
The people on the left have to listen to their superior().
Our company has undergone steady expansion() for the last ten years.
The road goes in many direction().
The thermometer smashed and the mersury() flew out.
You are so good! You should join our soccer league()!
Could you write up an analysis() of how the market is moving this week?
You should obtain a license() before driving on the road.
I got the worst() score in the class on my exam.
The wind scattered() the books in every direction.
The little girl is very grateful for the gifts from her relatives.
She tried to murder Snow White with a poisonous() apple.
I can arrange() my toys so that they all fit in a box.
Each belt() represents a different Taekwondo level.

Because of the inflation(), we could buy less fruit with the same money.
Standing on the shoulder of a gaint robot, I can see further().
Scientists aim at finding experimental() evidence from experiments.
In correct perspective(), all horizontal lines meet at a single point.
Liquid(), like water, can flow freely.
The old couple are considering how to distribute theri heritage().
She found his words very offensive(), which made her really upset.
The man is burdened with the housing debt().
The woman lifts weights to strengthen() her arms.
The big guy is making a thread() to the man in blue.
Occupying a bus an is illegal().
The dam() keeps the river from flooding the twon.
The cat's most urgent() need now is to pee.
The noise made by the generator() is so annoying!
If we all pull on this rope together, we can win.
The Queen's head appears in profile() on British stamps.
We keep all our plates and bowls in the cupboard()!
Auntie Xiang Lin is always complaining() about her son being eaten by a wolf!
Being patted on the butt, the horse was annoyed and uttered() a growl.
Mr. Banana presented a naked() dance to us.
The boy opposes() his father's smoking and tells him to stop.
The priest() loves to sing about God.
The ignorant() man has been bothered by a simple math question.
I finally achieved() my goal of winning the race.
These two things are of equivalent() weight.
A true gardener() cares for his plants every day.
The distance() between the two building is 2 km.
Wow! The pilot() in the movie look so cool!
The cat felt ashamed() that it was caught when eating the goldfish.
The birds often fly in a v-shaped formation().

These companies all have very well-known brands().
According to the dictionary, we have a new definition() of math.
The world is not flat, it is a sphere().
I hold an auction() to sell my house because I am broke.
He felt a bit awkward() when receiving a bunch of crops.
The students all come out to protest() the increasing price of school.
The five jars() contain two kinds of jam.
The two ladies lean() on the tower for rest.
Let's make our home inside this hollow() tree!
The tricycle has a pretty big flaw() - its wheels are square.
After four years of hard work, I finaly got my bachelor's() degree!
My phone reminded() me that I have an appointment this afternoon.
You need a remote() to turn on the air conditioner.
His skills qualify() him for his work.
The porter() carries customer's suitcases.
The green arrow is an indication() showing that you're allowed to turn left.
He pierced() his ears.
The emperor selected the bedmate at random().
He was so angry that he slapped() his friend.
The apple is divided() into two equal parts.
The elder is weaving() a basket.
As the saying goes, "Diamonds() are a girl's best friend."

The big fleet() of ships always stay together.
Please summarize the main point of this paragraph().
The peacock's frathers look magnificent()!
The self-study period is so dull() that everyone falls asleep.
The discovery() of water on Mars is exciting to us!
He really has an insight() into math.
The surrounding() river of the castle looks so blue!
He used logic() to figure out who cimmitted the crime.
Please pay me with cash().
The baby had an emotional day, laughing and crying, then took a long nap afterwords().
Will you come to watch my band play later? Definitely()!
Food and water are necessary() for life.
Students will introduce() themselves on the first day at school.
My children were all educated() in public school.
Her blonde curls() are very beautiful.
The agent is introducing these housing() properties to me.
I wish these stupid donkeys would all stop staring() at me!
An injured ankle() should be wrapped in a bandage.
The horror movie made her tremble() with fear.
We like to go to our small log cabin() in the woods.
Please hang up the receiver().
Look ar this big yellow() sunflow.
The story has a romantic plot().
Be very careful when doing scientific().
He was a very original() thinker, always coming up with new ideas.
People wait in the lounge() for boarding.
When things weren't going right, she was restless() at night.
I found the location() on the map.
The boss lagged() behind his secretary while chasing the aircraft.
The dog's behavior offended() the lady.
I am runing ahead() of the rest of the group.
I will discard() this paper into the garbage bin.
He urged() the pig to go faster.
The skin treatment will restore() the youthfulness to your skin.
The way I dumped my girlfriend was to accelerate() my vehicle drastically.
I use the farming machine to cultivate() my field.
My granddaughter is always very helpful to me.
Her artificial legs are a deadly weapon().
Press() the button on the phone to make a call.
My teacher gives us sanction() to not wear our school uniforms.
This cloth() has a beautiful design.
His talk show entertained() us, I like his dirty jokes!
I can't wait to meet my nephew().
Sometimes we are emotional(), our mood changes from time to time.
This math() problem is easy.
The meeting room had many seats, but they ware all empty().
My monthly electricity consumption() costs me a lot!
Physical() exercise is good for the body and the mind.
Tax payers are obliged() to pay tax accordingly.
The man shot the target with great accuracy().
Is a bot baby better than a girl baby? This is a controversial() topic.
Vegetables enable() me to be healthy.
My family enjoy ourdoor activiies(), like flying kites.

Owning a flying carpet() is just like a dream to me.
People used to use a telegraph() to send inportant messgaes.
The differences between the two picture can be readily() identified.
The boss pays me minimum() wage, I wish he would pay me more!
It's time to put the last piece into the puzzle().
We all enjoy this outward() journey.
The fountain() becomes so colorful at night.
These two girls bought many handbags().
"I'm so tired," she said as she yawned().
The spacecraft() is used to explore the unknown area in space.
So we agree, you'll buy my house? Do we have a deal()? good!
That beggar() must be cold and hungry.
The man shows his faith() by getting on his knees and praying.
I can get all the current() news instantly on my call phone.
He's devoted his life to politics().
The man writes everything down in his journal().
My favorite music compositions() were written by Chopin.
Blend() the flour and the water with a spoon.
The destination is still distant(); we will not get there for a while.
The woman tooks some pills() when she was ill.
Fingerprints are unique() to each individual.
They're hostile() towards each other in the fight for love.
This factory manufactures() a hundred cars a day.
I took a long bath() to relax myself.
The cat is slowly creeping() towards her.
My car wasn't working so it needed maintenance().
I knocked my man's head with the pan().
Axes() are the symbol of their gang.
As a true friend, Jerry will always provide protection() to Tom.
American Indians are the only people native() to the USA
Each cellphone company sent an ambassador() to the conference.
My friend says he wants to fly so I help to cast() him.

"Darling, I'm pregnant. Please acknowlwdge() this text".
Do you know the socialist() core value?
Death is grim(), never smiling as he dose his duty.
It takes one second to say "I do", but a lifetime to prove() it.
She was dumb(), and could not speak at all.
There is a bag of flour().
Without farmers(), we would have no food.
Mid-Autumn Festival is a day for family reunion().
The two dogs are comparable() in size and strength.
We keep all of the baby's stuff() in his bedroom.
They only play instrumental() music, their band doesn't have a singer.
The man is adding fuel() to the car.
Your eyesight() is terrible! You need glasses.
She went through a significant transformation() in the last 4 years.

It takes mental and physical endurance() to run a marathon.
The grey wolf obeys() everything his wife has commanded to him.
Although it's hard to accept the truth, I must concede() that she is prettier than me.

The only way throught the maze is an indirect() one.
We will succeed if we work as a unit().
The students are having fun at the playground() after class.
Most countries gain profits through exporting() their local goods.
The ship() is carrying a lot of goods.
We need all the musical instrument() to perform in the show.
Somehow(), I must make the baby stop crying.
People isn the parade() put on many stange costumes.
Preposition() are usually used before mouns to give additional information.
Don;t bother() me! I'll never play with you again!
The man on the stage is a well learned() professor.
This little green shoot will soon become() a beautiful flower.
The gilr combs() ber hair after taking a bath.
My favorite part of the performance() was the fire-dance.
If you make an error(), you can just erase it and try again.
The floor is wet - make sure you don't slip() and fall.
He arise() at 7 a.m. every morning.
The smell is so unpleasant() and offensive.
The model poses for a photograph in the studio().
The grass is moist() due to last night;s heavy rain.
She possesses() many apirs of shoes.
The single woman feels envy() when she sees happy couples.
People usually go to temples() to pray for good fortune.
The girl prefers() vegetables over cake.
The pine() tree is a symbol of Mount Huangshan.
All of them are international() students from different countries.
The point of prayer is to humble() yourself before God.
He cleans his award every day to maintain() its shine.
I want to be an author() and write books.
Yeah, your car's visible() - I can see it over there.
A revolution() in science and technology has changed the way that we communicate.
Our anti-virus software will defend() your computer againest attacks.
The rocket gives his an unfair advantage()!
I often think about the meaning of life and other questions of philosophy().
Water came out of the wall through several outlets().
The baby always sucks() his fingers.
The car speeds up at the crossing() suddenly, which scares the girl.
Which dress do you think I should select()?
Our company dominates a small segment() of the market.
The German() football team will be pretty hard to beat.
They may be old, but they're still as lively() as ever.
You're asking me on a date? I have no interest in you whatsoever()!
A bee stung(sting) me on the arm and it really hurt!
My car has a mechanical() problem.
My parenets are over fifty() years old.
The family burst into laughter() togather.
The African were taken to be slaves().
These two actors are performing a great love drama().
To construct() a whole house from the ground up isn't easy.
We furnished() our room with very expenxive furniture.
If you are as intelligent() as this scientist, you may change the world.

There are a lot of container() at the port.
Wow! The tomato sauce() in the bowl looks so dilicious.
Penny was miserable() when she heard the bad news.
I felt tremendous() living presure.
These yummy baozi are cooking in the steamer(). "Eat me!" they say.
I like it when she rubs() my forehead, since I have bad headaches.
Press the button() to turn off the computer.
The woman must take pills everyday, moreover(), she hsould eat lots of fruit.
If we make tin() can telephones, we can talk without our parents hearing us!
Hold on, let me dial() his number.
These four books are the classics of Chinese literature().
Those members of the council() have a heated discussion.
You should substitute() fruits and vegetables for sweets.
Taking a bath is a good way to relax() yourself.
These ancient() statues are over 2000 years old.
To save money, he always makes the most economocal() decisions.
The magazine is finished and ready for publication().
There're many kinds of insects(), such as butterflies, bees and ants.
The last clause() states that he has to do what she says.
Thomas Edison invented() the light bulb over a hundred years ago.
The judge() decides if I will go to jail.
People used to play music with cassette() tapes.
Could you give me some extra() ice cream?
I use this mask to conceal() my face.
I got up early today and saw a beautiful sunrise().
Run! This toaster is faulty() and might kill your toast at anytime!
The layers() of the cake are in different colors.
To reach the park from the subway, walk a bearing() of 70 degrees north-east.
His skin color differs() from the others'.
The electrician is taking a look at the circuit() board.
"Wow! I can memorize() all the words after eating the bread!"
I will darw a circle to lay a curse() on you.
March 3rd is the due() date to pay for my VIP account.
A railway track is a perfect example of parallel() lines.
The mother loves to do crafts() with her kids.
I want a lot of people involved() so we can finish the task quickly.
All of the stuff was carried in the lorry().
The radicals() caused chaos at the protest.
She is reading the articles() in the newspaper.
The building's exterior() is beautiful.
Gloves() keep my fingers warm in the winter.
Germs() might be small, but they can make you very sick.
I have never seen such an ugly() dog as this.
The slow motion() clearly shows how he dodges the bullets.
It's already 3:22 a.m, but she is still awake().
Sorry, this club is very exclusive(): VIPs only.
She was very good at her job, so her boss promoted() her to a higher position.
My colleagues are favorable() to my idea.
I love to eat biscuits() when I drink coffee.
Fruits such as oranges and grapes are rich in vitamin() C.
This actor is certan() that he will win the award.
The biggest company has a monopoly() in the market!

