She rotates() her body in the dance.
I have to renew() my ID card because it has expired.
The candidates() are presenting the speeches for the election.
The two sides decided to ally() against the enemy.
These small vessels() catch fish and bring them back to port.
Aluminum() drink cans are light and convenient.
Logical() thinking is impportant for understanding other properly.
I want to climb that mountain().
In my English textbook, thay are great studying companion().
These autos() are parked in good order.
Once upon() a time, there was a temple upon a mountain.
She gave a hint() there was no problem.
Walking the tight rope requires a strong sense of banlance().
My professor always answers my questions with long explanations().
You may see this pink symbol on a female() bashroom!
The statistical() data shows that most people cannot afford a house.

I tore a hole in my pants, so I sewed a patch() over it.
She exited the train and walked down the platform().
They are a well-known couple in Chinese myth().
How does the dictionary define() the word 'respect'?
I am so anxious() about the exam! What should I do?
One of my duties is to sweep the floor with a broom().
Our leader() is waving the flag in the front of team.
The senior() soldier gains respect from the new recruits.
I enjoy watching the sunset at dusk().
The customers buy many consumer() goods.
Ever since you started exercising, you're become so much more slender()!
Even well-fed cats will kill mice, because of thier hunting instincts().
The lemon has such a sour() taste!
Misuc fans love listening to music in hi-fi stereo().
My mom inspired() me to become an astronaut from an early age.
I will depart() for a different city.
The united Kingdom at one time had a huge empire().
There're three steps in the procedure() of hot-dog production.
I think she's too young to watch a horror() movie.
High intensity() of light may blind your eyes.
I would love to take a carriage() ride with you in the park.
That girl is so lovely and youthful(). I like her!
We are having a discussion() about the future of our company.
I paid $5 to the waiter for tip().
You must combine() many different kinds of food to make this dish.
The impolite customer shouted at the innocent cashier().
The blask cat deduced() that the white cat was the criminal.
She showed kindness() to her cat.
The noble() couple show their affection in public.
With no more money, I'm completely bankrupt().
Click this button to browes the preceding() text.
My mom instructs() me how to play golf.
Dreams are needless for the bastard in a wealthy() family.
The driver slowly overtook() the driver in first place.
The little girl uses a tissue() when she sneezes.

For this card trick, please put the cards in series() first.
That genius drew a singing man with one continuous() line.
I was ranked() number one in the game.
The detective investigates() the ground, hoping to learn something about the case.
The football smashed() the glass into pieces.
Only adults() are allowed to watch this video.
It doesn't help to insult() other drivers.
This man's outfit was too conservative() that he even covered his face!
Our wondorful wedding is just the beginning of a wonderful marriage().
Look! There is a herd() of sheep!
I'd like a medium() size television.
We can tell a sence of strong suspicion() from his eye.
Thanks to the invertor() of the telephone, we can talk anytime anywhere.
I had to postpone() the meeting until later.
Those who commit crimes() must be severely punished.
The right way to eat this biscuit: twist() it, lick it, then dip it.
The man bought an abundance() of food.
My house is an importantpart of my assets().
My mum scolded() me for my messy bedroom.
The couple walked hand in hand into the church at their wedding().
He planned a very romatic() trip for our honeymoon.
I have a Nokia and iPhone, obviously, the latter() is newer.
Evety county develops its military() force to defend its territory.
We should all meet at a central() point.
The Arabian() prince died so young, What a pity!
I had some difficulties() riding up the hill, but I made it.
We feed a cow() to get milk for breakfast.
This lane() will lead you to cross the forest.
The dinosaur launched() a rocket that carried him away from disaster.
Most kids love sweet() food such as candy.
This charity() provides practical help to homeless children.
We should recycle() trash by putting it into different bins.
The architecture() of these ancient buildings is amazing!
He disclosed() the classified secret to the public.
My phone is out of power, charge() it now.
I turned the volume() up to hear the radio.
I was glad when the doctor told me my heart beat was normal().
The Subway Committee grants() the blind premission to bring guide dogs on borad.
The soil is so productive() that the tomatoes grow very well.
Math is a very complicated() subject - it makes my head hurt.
The red line tells you where the margin() is.
The journalist() is always in pursuit of new stories.
Let's drive off towards() that beautiful sunset.
The boy wrote his father's signature() at the bottom of the paper.
I anticipate() him winning the first prize as he is really great!
Hot water cat retain() its heat for hours in the vacuum cup.
The best cooking oil is made from olives.
I've done my boring() homework - now can I go outside and play?
These are five great inventions() of China.
The college students are getting settled() in their new dormitory.
Our devorce caused a devision() in our family.
What made my money shrink() so much?
Our teacher let us use calculators() on the math test.
Square dance can easily be organized within a neighborhood().
One day, I will be a king and live in a castle().

